
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.016926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3016925909000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3016925909000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156558                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   441201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              263970598                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11429.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1789305577                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5042493705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    100634304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          100634304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53156928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        53156928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1572411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1572411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       830577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             830577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33356571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              33356571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17619567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             17619567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50976138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             50976138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1572411                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     830577                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1572411                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   830577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              100630400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                53155840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               100634304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             53156928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             98566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             98099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             97956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             97647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             99758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            100998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             97971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             97582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             96224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             98169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            98701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            98903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            97397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            97329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            99039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            98011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             51827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             51669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             51628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             51573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             51569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             52190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             51664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             52175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             51661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             52450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            52157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            52374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            52180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            52031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            51904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            51508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3016925814500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1572411                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               830577                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1440142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   38557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   24226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   10851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    7679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    4213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    1230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  45540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  47123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  48517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  50310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  51854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  52303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  52428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  52672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  52681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  52806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  52915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  52977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  53156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  53447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  54484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  53680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       347695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    442.296242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   319.983196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   316.934494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49884     14.35%     14.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42141     12.12%     26.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        89971     25.88%     52.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        35438     10.19%     62.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        32090      9.23%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25058      7.21%     78.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16862      4.85%     83.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10787      3.10%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45464     13.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       347695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.403720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.000098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2636.124554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767        51713    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         51714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.060641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.057076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.352724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            50183     97.04%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               11      0.02%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1471      2.84%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               25      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               17      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         51714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  22874473494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             52356035994                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 7861750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14547.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33297.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        33.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        17.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     33.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     17.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      15.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1300526                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  754679                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1255489.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1319212440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                719808375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              6150791400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2684631600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         197050726080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         477161825130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1391590780500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2076677775525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            688.342988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2312257759000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  100741680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  603923549750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1309346640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                714425250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              6113242200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2697397200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         197050726080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         476475929595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1392192443250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2076553510215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            688.301799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2313275326500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  100741680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  602906251500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 272                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6033851818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1673164217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4810223601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4536323594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    369325488                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4536323594                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281176                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9551443199                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4528542823                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868397                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388796                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3839549379                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1440835930                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    724757228                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  439893869                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 284863359                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6033851817.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        610578460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599461      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3492181085     72.60%     74.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.47%     83.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91387989      1.90%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               439893869      9.14%     94.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              284863359      5.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4810223601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6032587996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5967902861.480104                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              64685134.519895                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.010723                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.989277                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6028863551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5967940454.621395                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              60923096.378604                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.010105                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.989895                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6033367719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5967895906.258327                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              65471812.741673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.010852                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.989148                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6030588767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5967925388.109200                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              62663378.890799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.010391                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.989609                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6032588201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5967905857.696845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              64682343.303155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.010722                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.989278                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6031808316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5967914832.321463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              63893483.678537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.010593                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.989407                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6033479876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5967898311.863946                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              65581564.136054                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.010870                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.989130                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6033199324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5967902132.929042                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              65297191.070958                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.010823                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.989177                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               33376605                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.690688                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.279225                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    33376602    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 33376605                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3114048957                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000189                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000131                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.013762                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3113459071     99.98%     99.98% |      589886      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3114048957                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3114048957                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.102756                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.006564                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              3.983735                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3113932960    100.00%    100.00% |       89331      0.00%    100.00% |       25696      0.00%    100.00% |         639      0.00%    100.00% |         325      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3114048957                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3114048957                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.102756                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.006564                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          3.983735                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3113932960    100.00%    100.00% |       89331      0.00%    100.00% |       25696      0.00%    100.00% |         639      0.00%    100.00% |         325      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3114048957                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    722466304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2290986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    724757290                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2183031049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         5226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2183036275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      6712135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       445448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     18624058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      6710672                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       446911                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     18624061                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      6711568                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       446015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     18624064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits      6712526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       445057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     18624060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits      6712481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       445102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     18624061                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits      6712327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       445256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     18624056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits      6711819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       445764                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     18624056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits      6712258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       445325                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     18624063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           309                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2295903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2296212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         70591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       375140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       445731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         73512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       373679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       447191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         73083                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       373209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       446292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         71896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       373442                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       445338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         69304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       376078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       445382                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         72188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       373353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       445541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         72714                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       373335                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       446049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits         73048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       372555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       445603                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3581522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1705172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5286694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.199987                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2295903                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8155                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2311348                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286956                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2295889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2286094                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18367224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    166417056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18367112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164598768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.018847                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       375140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375177                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       234491                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       244779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3017                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       231353                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3001120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        48448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27012744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1875928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1958232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       217224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       425952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1850824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.020372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       373679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2620                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       377869                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       362667                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       373107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       357983                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2989432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        20960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27206568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2901336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2984856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       333936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        34488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2863864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.019096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       373209                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17209                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       221372                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238558                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3041                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17095                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       218228                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2985672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26872560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1770976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1908464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       218952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1230840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1745824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.023878                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       373442                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       477241                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       305626                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       363732                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3297                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4122                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       301475                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      2987536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       455008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34361352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2445008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2909856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       237384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       296784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2411800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.019170                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       376078                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       376103                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       235289                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       308091                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6119                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       231938                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3008624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        49920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27079416                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1882312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2464728                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       233496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       440568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1855504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.024644                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       373353                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        71286                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       515113                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238385                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       361536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3275                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       235012                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       570288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37088136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1907080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2892288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       235800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        22176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1880096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.018805                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       373335                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7972                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373357                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       230954                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238785                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7869                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       227648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986680                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        63776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26881704                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1847632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1910280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       231408                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       566568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1821184                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.018831                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       372555                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10974                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       372574                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227500                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238021                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2742                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10433                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       224226                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      2980440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26825328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1820000                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1904168                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       751176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1793808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.454007                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      6859105                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       186903                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7689521                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5346443                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4662498                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2312561                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        52701                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2028462                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     54872840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1495224                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    553645512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42771544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37299984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    166504392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3794472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16227696                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.100279                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      1572411                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2402988                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1003525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     12579288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    173015136                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8028200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.045896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      6859105                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       187388                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7822282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5346604                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4662498                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2312561                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        52701                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2028462                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     54872840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1499104                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    563204304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42772832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37299984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    166504392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3794472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16227696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        20577315                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       561679                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     23466803                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     30027306                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7095786                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      6085386                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        164618520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      4493432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1689609816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    240218448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    510896592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     48683088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.190239                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8155                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2295824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286925                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165299328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.209735                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2295903                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15524                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2295889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2286094                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18367224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1117728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18367112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164598768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029970                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375139                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       234372                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        48448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27010008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1874976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007724                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       375140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          119                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       244779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3017                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       231353                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3001120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1958232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       217224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       425952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1850824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030895                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2620                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       362623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        20960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26904816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2900984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009849                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4191                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       373107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       357983                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2989432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       301752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2984856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       333936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        34488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2863864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029810                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17209                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373208                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       221271                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26870976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1770168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008382                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373209                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238558                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3041                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17095                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       218228                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2985672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1908464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       218952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1230840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1745824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373441                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       304774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       455008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26887752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2438192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016909                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373442                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       103800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       363732                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3297                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4122                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       301475                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2987536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7473600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2909856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       237384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       296784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2411800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       376077                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       235183                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        49920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27077544                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1881464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008292                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       376078                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          106                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       308091                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3243                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6119                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       231938                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3008624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2464728                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       233496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       440568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1855504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030410                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        71286                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238289                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       570288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26881344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1906312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373353                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       141761                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       361536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3275                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          308                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       235012                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10206792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2892288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       235800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        22176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1880096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029822                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7972                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373334                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       230864                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        63776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26880048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1846912                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007788                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373335                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238785                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3214                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7869                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       227648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986680                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1910280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       231408                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       566568                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1821184                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029757                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10974                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       372554                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226970                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1815760                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007906                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       372555                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          530                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238021                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2742                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10433                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       224226                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2980440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1904168                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       197424                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       751176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1793808                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.410432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      5286694                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1705098                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       918859                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4662498                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2312561                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        52701                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2028462                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     42293552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    122767056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7350872                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37299984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    166504392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3794472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16227696                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.497582                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1572411                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       186903                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5984423                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4427584                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12579288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1495224                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    430878456                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     35420672                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.075690                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1572411                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       830577                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86474                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     12579288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     59801544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       691792                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.124868                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1572411                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       917051                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    113213592                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7336408                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.190239                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2295824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286925                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165299328                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.029970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375139                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       234372                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        48448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27010008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1874976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.030895                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2620                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373678                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       362623                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        20960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26904816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2900984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.029810                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17209                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       221271                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26870976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1770168                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.030848                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56876                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373441                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       304774                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       455008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26887752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2438192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.030048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       376077                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       235183                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        49920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27077544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1881464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.030410                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        71286                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373352                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238289                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       570288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26881344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1906312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.029822                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7972                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373334                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       230864                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        63776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26880048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1846912                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.029757                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10974                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       372554                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        87792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26823888                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1815760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.410432                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      5286694                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1705098                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1       918859                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4662498                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2312561                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        52701                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2028462                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     42293552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    122767056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7350872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37299984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    166504392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3794472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16227696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.075690                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      1572411                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       830577                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86474                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     12579288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     59801544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       691792                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14290215                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.383168                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.064449                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    14290212    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14290215                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      18167875                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.177557                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.216681                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    17765067     97.78%     97.78% |      153444      0.84%     98.63% |      218509      1.20%     99.83% |       18886      0.10%     99.93% |        7819      0.04%     99.98% |        1336      0.01%     99.98% |        2762      0.02%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        18167875                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        918515                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.066658                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.573072                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      906136     98.65%     98.65% |         259      0.03%     98.68% |       12086      1.32%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          918515                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        442472437                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.226066                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.024356                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           4.811799                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   442373296     99.98%     99.98% |       65742      0.01%     99.99% |       21135      0.00%    100.00% |        8698      0.00%    100.00% |        1965      0.00%    100.00% |        1037      0.00%    100.00% |         277      0.00%    100.00% |         263      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          442472437                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    442472437                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.226066                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.024356                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       4.811799                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   442373296     99.98%     99.98% |       65742      0.01%     99.99% |       21135      0.00%    100.00% |        8698      0.00%    100.00% |        1965      0.00%    100.00% |        1037      0.00%    100.00% |         277      0.00%    100.00% |         263      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      442472437                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        230831065                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.951411                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.042913                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          12.988096                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   230748511     99.96%     99.96% |       59481      0.03%     99.99% |       22669      0.01%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          230831065                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    230831065                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.951411                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.042913                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      12.988096                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   230748511     99.96%     99.96% |       59481      0.03%     99.99% |       22669      0.01%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      230831065                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2332031003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.125335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2332030630    100.00%    100.00% |         333      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2332031003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2332031003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.125335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2332030630    100.00%    100.00% |         333      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2332031003                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.252654                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.231483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    11.883595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         888     94.27%     94.27% |          46      4.88%     99.15% |           1      0.11%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           6      0.64%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.252654                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.231483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    11.883595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         888     94.27%     94.27% |          46      4.88%     99.15% |           1      0.11%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           6      0.64%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000185                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.147515                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000185                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.147515                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1572411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          830577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1572411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       830577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement        86474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1572411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        830577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement        86474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1572411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       830577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   385536285     87.13%     87.13% |     7117019      1.61%     88.74% |     7117019      1.61%     90.35% |     7117019      1.61%     91.96% |     7117019      1.61%     93.57% |     7117019      1.61%     95.17% |     7117019      1.61%     96.78% |     7117019      1.61%     98.39% |     7117019      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    442472437                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071597621248    100.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071746617344                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   339221005     99.90%     99.90% |       40564      0.01%     99.92% |       40564      0.01%     99.93% |       40564      0.01%     99.94% |       40564      0.01%     99.95% |       40564      0.01%     99.96% |       40564      0.01%     99.98% |       40564      0.01%     99.99% |       40564      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    339545517                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7693      1.05%      1.05% |      128748     17.61%     18.66% |        7872      1.08%     19.74% |      128695     17.60%     37.34% |        6671      0.91%     38.25% |      129939     17.77%     56.03% |       63982      8.75%     64.78% |      128512     17.58%     82.35% |      129015     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       731127                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2287499     39.42%     39.42% |      440451      7.59%     47.01% |      440115      7.58%     54.60% |      441102      7.60%     62.20% |      439274      7.57%     69.77% |      438894      7.56%     77.33% |      434236      7.48%     84.82% |      440940      7.60%     92.42% |      440030      7.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      5802541                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          99      0.01%      0.01% |      134644     17.75%     17.76% |        9997      1.32%     19.08% |      134656     17.75%     36.83% |       11802      1.56%     38.39% |      134585     17.74%     56.13% |       63709      8.40%     64.53% |      134554     17.74%     82.26% |      134542     17.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       758588                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2296113     44.98%     44.98% |      311087      6.09%     51.07% |      437194      8.56%     59.64% |      311636      6.10%     65.74% |      433536      8.49%     74.24% |      310797      6.09%     80.32% |      381832      7.48%     87.80% |      311495      6.10%     93.91% |      311061      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5104751                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        2589      0.07%      0.07% |      444167     12.49%     12.56% |      445630     12.53%     25.09% |      444725     12.50%     37.59% |      443776     12.48%     50.06% |      443822     12.48%     62.54% |      443971     12.48%     75.02% |      444479     12.50%     87.52% |      444038     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3557197                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        5226     69.91%     69.91% |         283      3.79%     73.70% |         280      3.75%     77.44% |         277      3.71%     81.15% |         281      3.76%     84.91% |         280      3.75%     88.66% |         285      3.81%     92.47% |         285      3.81%     96.28% |         278      3.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         7475                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288318     99.55%     99.55% |        1280      0.06%     99.61% |        1280      0.06%     99.66% |        1289      0.06%     99.72% |        1280      0.06%     99.78% |        1279      0.06%     99.83% |        1284      0.06%     99.89% |        1284      0.06%     99.94% |        1286      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2298580                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      124493     18.32%     18.32% |        1816      0.27%     18.59% |      124531     18.33%     36.91% |        1635      0.24%     37.15% |      124475     18.32%     55.47% |       53702      7.90%     63.37% |      124429     18.31%     81.68% |      124468     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       679554                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      776236      3.19%      3.19% |     3445868     14.16%     17.35% |      791095      3.25%     20.60% |     3445856     14.16%     34.76% |     2586726     10.63%     45.39% |     3445935     14.16%     59.55% |     2949870     12.12%     71.68% |     3445966     14.16%     85.84% |     3445988     14.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     24333540                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         204      0.00%      0.00% |    18624025     12.50%     12.50% |    18623958     12.50%     25.00% |    18624064     12.50%     37.50% |    18623991     12.50%     50.00% |    18624061     12.50%     62.50% |    18624056     12.50%     75.00% |    18624056     12.50%     87.50% |    18624063     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    148992478                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79     90.80%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           1      1.15%     93.10% |           1      1.15%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           1      1.15%     96.55% |           1      1.15%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           87                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.02%      0.02% |        2138     14.21%     14.23% |         571      3.80%     18.03% |        2114     14.05%     32.08% |        2068     13.75%     45.82% |        2099     13.95%     59.77% |        2005     13.33%     73.10% |        1986     13.20%     86.30% |        2061     13.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        15045                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |           9      0.00%      0.00% |      131640     17.88%     17.88% |        8568      1.16%     19.04% |      131681     17.88%     36.93% |        8743      1.19%     38.11% |      131624     17.88%     55.99% |       60839      8.26%     64.25% |      131579     17.87%     82.12% |      131618     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       736301                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    56999771     65.77%     65.77% |     3206280      3.70%     69.47% |     5859801      6.76%     76.24% |     3206179      3.70%     79.93% |     4066259      4.69%     84.63% |     3206534      3.70%     88.33% |     3702678      4.27%     92.60% |     3206317      3.70%     96.30% |     3206732      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     86660551                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071597615104    100.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071597615104                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1296     74.40%     74.40% |          58      3.33%     77.73% |          56      3.21%     80.94% |          53      3.04%     83.98% |          56      3.21%     87.20% |          58      3.33%     90.53% |          57      3.27%     93.80% |          55      3.16%     96.96% |          53      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         1742                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4976     14.93%     14.93% |        2055      6.17%     21.10% |        5429     16.29%     37.38% |        1983      5.95%     43.33% |        2914      8.74%     52.08% |        3302      9.91%     61.99% |        8215     24.65%     86.63% |        2033      6.10%     92.73% |        2422      7.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        33329                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         813      0.03%      0.03% |      307567     11.11%     11.13% |      430299     15.54%     26.67% |      308180     11.13%     37.80% |      429283     15.50%     53.30% |      306028     11.05%     64.35% |      372149     13.44%     77.78% |      308120     11.13%     88.91% |      307171     11.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      2769610                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   327757689     99.95%     99.95% |       20704      0.01%     99.96% |       20493      0.01%     99.96% |       20259      0.01%     99.97% |       20258      0.01%     99.98% |       20728      0.01%     99.98% |       20500      0.01%     99.99% |       20257      0.01%     99.99% |       20261      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    327921149                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   336931312     99.91%     99.91% |       39225      0.01%     99.92% |       39227      0.01%     99.93% |       39221      0.01%     99.94% |       39227      0.01%     99.95% |       39226      0.01%     99.97% |       39222      0.01%     99.98% |       39224      0.01%     99.99% |       39224      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    337245108                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        2709     84.68%     84.68% |          62      1.94%     86.62% |          56      1.75%     88.37% |          67      2.09%     90.47% |          54      1.69%     92.15% |          63      1.97%     94.12% |          60      1.88%     96.00% |          64      2.00%     98.00% |          64      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         3199                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2286677     99.57%     99.57% |        1244      0.05%     99.62% |        1248      0.05%     99.68% |        1241      0.05%     99.73% |        1248      0.05%     99.78% |        1242      0.05%     99.84% |        1248      0.05%     99.89% |        1241      0.05%     99.95% |        1241      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      2296630                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          99      0.01%      0.01% |      134644     17.75%     17.76% |        9997      1.32%     19.08% |      134656     17.75%     36.83% |       11802      1.56%     38.39% |      134585     17.74%     56.13% |       63709      8.40%     64.53% |      134554     17.74%     82.26% |      134542     17.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       758588                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        7716      0.27%      0.27% |      309806     11.04%     11.32% |      435913     15.53%     26.85% |      310346     11.06%     37.91% |      432255     15.40%     53.31% |      309517     11.03%     64.34% |      380547     13.56%     77.91% |      310210     11.05%     88.96% |      309774     11.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2806084                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2288318     99.55%     99.55% |        1280      0.06%     99.61% |        1280      0.06%     99.66% |        1289      0.06%     99.72% |        1280      0.06%     99.78% |        1279      0.06%     99.83% |        1284      0.06%     99.89% |        1284      0.06%     99.94% |        1286      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2298580                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          79     90.80%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           1      1.15%     93.10% |           1      1.15%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           1      1.15%     96.55% |           1      1.15%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        7815      0.22%      0.22% |      444450     12.47%     12.69% |      445910     12.51%     25.20% |      445002     12.48%     37.68% |      444057     12.46%     50.14% |      444102     12.46%     62.60% |      444256     12.46%     75.06% |      444764     12.48%     87.54% |      444316     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3564672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2288397     99.55%     99.55% |        1281      0.06%     99.61% |        1281      0.06%     99.66% |        1290      0.06%     99.72% |        1281      0.06%     99.78% |        1280      0.06%     99.83% |        1285      0.06%     99.89% |        1285      0.06%     99.94% |        1287      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2298667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2287490     45.15%     45.15% |      308811      6.10%     51.25% |      431547      8.52%     59.77% |      309421      6.11%     65.87% |      430531      8.50%     74.37% |      307270      6.07%     80.44% |      373397      7.37%     87.81% |      309361      6.11%     93.91% |      308412      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      5066240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        2709     84.68%     84.68% |          62      1.94%     86.62% |          56      1.75%     88.37% |          67      2.09%     90.47% |          54      1.69%     92.15% |          63      1.97%     94.12% |          60      1.88%     96.00% |          64      2.00%     98.00% |          64      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         3199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         391      0.72%      0.72% |        6035     11.04%     11.75% |         523      0.96%     12.71% |       17196     31.45%     44.16% |        4974      9.10%     53.26% |        6225     11.39%     64.65% |         404      0.74%     65.39% |        7959     14.56%     79.95% |       10963     20.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        54670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       13324      0.93%      0.93% |      257358     17.90%     18.82% |       11742      0.82%     19.64% |      257210     17.89%     37.53% |       11602      0.81%     38.33% |      257204     17.89%     56.22% |      115568      8.04%     64.26% |      256924     17.87%     82.12% |      257072     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1438004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2062      8.50%      8.50% |         138      0.57%      9.07% |        4002     16.50%     25.58% |         180      0.74%     26.32% |        1740      7.18%     33.49% |        2674     11.03%     44.52% |       12396     51.12%     95.64% |         100      0.41%     96.05% |         958      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        24250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2287408     44.34%     44.34% |      360994      7.00%     51.34% |      365002      7.08%     58.41% |      347897      6.74%     65.15% |      360311      6.98%     72.14% |      361736      7.01%     79.15% |      364843      7.07%     86.22% |      357266      6.93%     93.15% |      353483      6.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5158940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           4     12.90%     12.90% |           4     12.90%     25.81% |           3      9.68%     35.48% |           4     12.90%     48.39% |           4     12.90%     61.29% |           4     12.90%     74.19% |           3      9.68%     83.87% |           3      9.68%     93.55% |           2      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7760      5.85%      5.85% |          17      0.01%      5.86% |        2094      1.58%      7.44% |           9      0.01%      7.45% |       51898     39.11%     46.56% |          11      0.01%     46.56% |       70890     53.42%     99.99% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       132698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        7490      0.34%      0.34% |      239219     10.72%     11.06% |      364081     16.32%     27.37% |      237266     10.63%     38.01% |      360364     16.15%     54.16% |      240215     10.77%     64.93% |      308360     13.82%     78.75% |      237499     10.64%     89.39% |      236730     10.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2231224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          78      0.06%      0.06% |        4279      3.22%      3.28% |        7745      5.84%      9.12% |           3      0.00%      9.12% |        2088      1.57%     10.70% |       66596     50.19%     60.89% |       51891     39.11%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       132687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2288255     78.29%     78.29% |      131641      4.50%     82.80% |        1852      0.06%     82.86% |      135939      4.65%     87.51% |       10989      0.38%     87.89% |       69266      2.37%     90.26% |       13101      0.45%     90.71% |      135833      4.65%     95.35% |      135819      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2922695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        4984      0.68%      0.68% |      128686     17.68%     18.36% |        7816      1.07%     19.44% |      128628     17.67%     37.11% |        6617      0.91%     38.02% |      129876     17.84%     55.86% |       63922      8.78%     64.64% |      128448     17.65%     82.29% |      128951     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       727928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         152     95.00%     95.00% |           1      0.62%     95.62% |           1      0.62%     96.25% |           1      0.62%     96.87% |           1      0.62%     97.50% |           1      0.62%     98.12% |           1      0.62%     98.75% |           1      0.62%     99.37% |           1      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2286693     52.68%     52.68% |      234370      5.40%     58.08% |      362621      8.35%     66.43% |      221269      5.10%     71.53% |      304772      7.02%     78.55% |      235181      5.42%     83.96% |      238287      5.49%     89.45% |      230862      5.32%     94.77% |      226968      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4341023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        7581      0.25%      0.25% |      373859     12.51%     12.77% |      372398     12.46%     25.23% |      371920     12.45%     37.67% |      372162     12.45%     50.13% |      374798     12.54%     62.67% |      372068     12.45%     75.12% |      372051     12.45%     87.58% |      371269     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2988106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288242     99.55%     99.55% |        1280      0.06%     99.61% |        1280      0.06%     99.67% |        1288      0.06%     99.72% |        1279      0.06%     99.78% |        1279      0.06%     99.83% |        1284      0.06%     99.89% |        1283      0.06%     99.94% |        1285      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2298500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          68     15.14%     15.14% |          23      5.12%     20.27% |          63     14.03%     34.30% |          24      5.35%     39.64% |          61     13.59%     53.23% |          71     15.81%     69.04% |          69     15.37%     84.41% |          70     15.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           2     13.33%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           2     13.33%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           2     13.33%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           2     13.33%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79     90.80%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           1      1.15%     93.10% |           1      1.15%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           1      1.15%     96.55% |           1      1.15%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      126618     18.23%     18.23% |        2376      0.34%     18.58% |      126626     18.23%     36.81% |        3690      0.53%     37.34% |      126553     18.22%     55.56% |       55686      8.02%     63.58% |      126402     18.20%     81.78% |      126515     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       694471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      2.56%      2.56% |          13     11.11%     13.68% |          11      9.40%     23.08% |          19     16.24%     39.32% |          13     11.11%     50.43% |          21     17.95%     68.38% |          10      8.55%     76.92% |          13     11.11%     88.03% |          14     11.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           6      0.36%      0.36% |           2      0.12%      0.47% |        1679     99.35%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           3      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          23     11.27%     11.27% |          22     10.78%     22.06% |          21     10.29%     32.35% |          27     13.24%     45.59% |          18      8.82%     54.41% |          30     14.71%     69.12% |          20      9.80%     78.92% |          21     10.29%     89.22% |          22     10.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total          204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         715      0.09%      0.09% |      126622     15.48%     15.57% |        2379      0.29%     15.86% |      126626     15.48%     31.34% |       55537      6.79%     38.13% |      126553     15.47%     53.60% |      126554     15.47%     69.08% |      126402     15.45%     84.53% |      126515     15.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       817903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         903      0.04%      0.04% |      236990     10.79%     10.83% |      358764     16.33%     27.16% |      235156     10.70%     37.86% |      357426     16.27%     54.13% |      238012     10.83%     64.97% |      299962     13.65%     78.62% |      235479     10.72%     89.34% |      234139     10.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2196831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5777     24.52%     24.52% |        2058      8.73%     33.25% |        3491     14.82%     48.07% |        1961      8.32%     56.39% |        2110      8.95%     65.34% |        2048      8.69%     74.04% |        2093      8.88%     82.92% |        2010      8.53%     91.45% |        2015      8.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        23563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          21      0.23%      0.23% |          42      0.45%      0.68% |        1698     18.36%     19.04% |          16      0.17%     19.21% |         823      8.90%     28.11% |          23      0.25%     28.36% |        6176     66.77%     95.13% |           5      0.05%     95.19% |         445      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         9249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           8      0.61%      0.61% |          29      2.20%      2.81% |           0      0.00%      2.81% |          11      0.84%      3.65% |         810     61.55%     65.20% |          15      1.14%     66.34% |           5      0.38%     66.72% |           0      0.00%     66.72% |         438     33.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        4940     22.09%     22.09% |        2011      8.99%     31.08% |        3445     15.40%     46.49% |        1918      8.58%     55.06% |        2065      9.23%     64.30% |        2002      8.95%     73.25% |        2046      9.15%     82.40% |        1965      8.79%     91.18% |        1972      8.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        22364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           8      0.10%      0.10% |          11      0.14%      0.24% |        1693     21.43%     21.67% |           3      0.04%     21.71% |          11      0.14%     21.85% |           5      0.06%     21.91% |        6159     77.97%     99.89% |           3      0.04%     99.92% |           6      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         7899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2286587     79.69%     79.69% |       71821      2.50%     82.19% |       72783      2.54%     84.73% |       74265      2.59%     87.32% |       73105      2.55%     89.86% |       69258      2.41%     92.28% |       73424      2.56%     94.84% |       73882      2.57%     97.41% |       74273      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2869398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         880     90.91%     90.91% |           3      0.31%     91.22% |           4      0.41%     91.63% |          18      1.86%     93.49% |           1      0.10%     93.60% |           1      0.10%     93.70% |           5      0.52%     94.21% |          50      5.17%     99.38% |           6      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1007     36.50%     36.50% |          14      0.51%     37.01% |         292     10.58%     47.59% |          55      1.99%     49.58% |          34      1.23%     50.82% |        1293     46.86%     97.68% |          12      0.43%     98.12% |          32      1.16%     99.28% |          20      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         2759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         225      0.04%      0.04% |       70587     12.28%     12.32% |       71828     12.49%     24.81% |       73080     12.71%     37.53% |       71891     12.51%     50.03% |       69302     12.06%     62.09% |       72187     12.56%     74.64% |       72711     12.65%     87.29% |       73044     12.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       574855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          76     95.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      1.25%     96.25% |           1      1.25%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           1      1.25%     98.75% |           1      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           80                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         360      0.68%      0.68% |        5916     11.23%     11.91% |         479      0.91%     12.82% |       17095     32.44%     45.26% |        4122      7.82%     53.08% |        6119     11.61%     64.69% |         308      0.58%     65.27% |        7869     14.93%     80.20% |       10433     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        52701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2281753     52.83%     52.83% |      232359      5.38%     58.22% |      359176      8.32%     66.53% |      219351      5.08%     71.61% |      302707      7.01%     78.62% |      233179      5.40%     84.02% |      236241      5.47%     89.49% |      228897      5.30%     94.79% |      224996      5.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4318659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           3     11.54%     42.31% |           4     15.38%     57.69% |           4     15.38%     73.08% |           3     11.54%     84.62% |           2      7.69%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7752      6.21%      6.21% |           6      0.00%      6.22% |         401      0.32%      6.54% |           6      0.00%      6.54% |       51886     41.58%     48.12% |           6      0.00%     48.13% |       64720     51.86%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       124787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        7490      0.34%      0.34% |      239219     10.72%     11.06% |      364081     16.32%     27.37% |      237266     10.63%     38.01% |      360364     16.15%     54.16% |      240215     10.77%     64.93% |      308360     13.82%     78.75% |      237499     10.64%     89.39% |      236730     10.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2231224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          78      0.06%      0.06% |        4279      3.22%      3.28% |        7745      5.84%      9.12% |           3      0.00%      9.12% |        2088      1.57%     10.70% |       66596     50.19%     60.89% |       51891     39.11%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       132687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          14      0.00%      0.00% |      130361     20.88%     20.89% |         572      0.09%     20.98% |      134651     21.57%     42.55% |        9710      1.56%     44.11% |       67987     10.89%     55.00% |       11817      1.89%     56.89% |      134550     21.56%     78.45% |      134534     21.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       624196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2288241     99.55%     99.55% |        1280      0.06%     99.61% |        1280      0.06%     99.67% |        1288      0.06%     99.72% |        1279      0.06%     99.78% |        1279      0.06%     99.83% |        1284      0.06%     99.89% |        1283      0.06%     99.94% |        1285      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2298499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         152     95.00%     95.00% |           1      0.62%     95.62% |           1      0.62%     96.25% |           1      0.62%     96.87% |           1      0.62%     97.50% |           1      0.62%     98.12% |           1      0.62%     98.75% |           1      0.62%     99.37% |           1      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2286693     52.68%     52.68% |      234370      5.40%     58.08% |      362621      8.35%     66.43% |      221269      5.10%     71.53% |      304771      7.02%     78.55% |      235181      5.42%     83.96% |      238287      5.49%     89.45% |      230862      5.32%     94.77% |      226968      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4341022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      126618     18.23%     18.23% |        2376      0.34%     18.58% |      126626     18.23%     36.81% |        3690      0.53%     37.34% |      126553     18.22%     55.56% |       55686      8.02%     63.58% |      126402     18.20%     81.78% |      126515     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       694471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      2.56%      2.56% |          13     11.11%     13.68% |          11      9.40%     23.08% |          19     16.24%     39.32% |          13     11.11%     50.43% |          21     17.95%     68.38% |          10      8.55%     76.92% |          13     11.11%     88.03% |          14     11.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      126631     18.23%     18.23% |        2387      0.34%     18.58% |      126645     18.23%     36.81% |        3703      0.53%     37.34% |      126574     18.22%     55.57% |       55696      8.02%     63.58% |      126415     18.20%     81.78% |      126529     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       694588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         838     69.14%     69.14% |          49      4.04%     73.18% |          47      3.88%     77.06% |          44      3.63%     80.69% |          47      3.88%     84.57% |          49      4.04%     88.61% |          48      3.96%     92.57% |          46      3.80%     96.37% |          44      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5777     24.52%     24.52% |        2058      8.73%     33.25% |        3491     14.82%     48.07% |        1961      8.32%     56.39% |        2110      8.95%     65.34% |        2048      8.69%     74.04% |        2093      8.88%     82.92% |        2010      8.53%     91.45% |        2015      8.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        23563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          21      0.23%      0.23% |          42      0.45%      0.68% |        1698     18.36%     19.04% |          16      0.17%     19.21% |         823      8.90%     28.11% |          23      0.25%     28.36% |        6176     66.77%     95.13% |           5      0.05%     95.19% |         445      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         9249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        4960     15.70%     15.70% |        2051      6.49%     22.19% |        5142     16.28%     38.47% |        1933      6.12%     44.59% |        2886      9.14%     53.73% |        2022      6.40%     60.13% |        8210     25.99%     86.12% |        1969      6.23%     92.35% |        2416      7.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        31589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1871     94.16%     94.16% |          13      0.65%     94.82% |           9      0.45%     95.27% |          23      1.16%     96.43% |           7      0.35%     96.78% |          14      0.70%     97.48% |          12      0.60%     98.09% |          18      0.91%     98.99% |          20      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         880     90.91%     90.91% |           3      0.31%     91.22% |           4      0.41%     91.63% |          18      1.86%     93.49% |           1      0.10%     93.60% |           1      0.10%     93.70% |           5      0.52%     94.21% |          50      5.17%     99.38% |           6      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1007     36.50%     36.50% |          14      0.51%     37.01% |         292     10.58%     47.59% |          55      1.99%     49.58% |          34      1.23%     50.82% |        1293     46.86%     97.68% |          12      0.43%     98.12% |          32      1.16%     99.28% |          20      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         2759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          16      0.92%      0.92% |           4      0.23%      1.15% |         287     16.49%     17.64% |          50      2.87%     20.52% |          28      1.61%     22.13% |        1280     73.56%     95.69% |           5      0.29%     95.98% |          64      3.68%     99.66% |           6      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total         1740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2996054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2298506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        4341024      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       827191      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        89860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1572411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         917051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          19086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       166302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1396      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         132687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      4529811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       202884      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1369527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       624135      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2028358      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       928941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       827109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        35845      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       132687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      4341022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement           62      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        53955      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       917051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         3386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        49307      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       202866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1369527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      4529723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS         7942      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        15627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean       116770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          225      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       132397      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
