
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.026484                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3026483575500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3026483575500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 142337                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   400971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              240570976                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1274104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12580.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1790657180                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5044385905                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113063872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          113063872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45099008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        45099008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1766623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1766623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       704672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             704672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     37358165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              37358165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14901455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14901455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     52259619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             52259619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1766623                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     704672                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1766623                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   704672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              113049536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   14336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                45097728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               113063872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             45099008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            110744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            109638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            109481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            109499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            108313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            110311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            108901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            110024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            109405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            112335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           111500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           111944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           111762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           110894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           111568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           110080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             44469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             43991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             44326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             43816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             43214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             43498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             43812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             43974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             43768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             44759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            44603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            44932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            44008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            43840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            43948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            43694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3026483481000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1766623                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               704672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1592652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   72203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   45857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   26219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   13433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    7692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    5334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    3009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  38872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  40180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  41719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  43314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  44516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  45254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  45654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  45811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  45907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  45949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  45626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  45258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  45180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  45070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  44734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       724813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    218.189023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   142.539187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   226.249992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       338557     46.71%     46.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       141021     19.46%     66.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       109539     15.11%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        40363      5.57%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        32797      4.52%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24541      3.39%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        17177      2.37%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10889      1.50%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9929      1.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       724813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        43840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.291766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.821604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1601.360602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383        43839    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::327680-344063            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         43840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        43840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.073266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.069200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.375055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            42216     96.30%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               43      0.10%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1574      3.59%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         43840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35185396891                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             68305378141                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 8831995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19919.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38669.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        37.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     37.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      21.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1378836                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  367393                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                52.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1224654.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2727852120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1488411375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              6839609400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2275063200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         197674729200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         553169970810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1330649205750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2094824841855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            692.166188                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2210131614000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  101060700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  715284403500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2751507360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1501318500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              6937678800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2290978080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         197674729200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         555691318785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1328437497000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2095285027725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            692.318241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2206429448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  101060700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  718987197250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 272                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6052967151                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1674515820                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4812115801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4538215794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    369595792                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4538215794                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281176                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9555768289                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4529894385                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868397                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388796                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3841171229                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1441376572                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    725568208                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  440434511                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 285133697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6052967150.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        610848760                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599461      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3493262305     72.59%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.46%     83.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91387989      1.90%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               440434511      9.15%     94.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              285133697      5.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4812115801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6052589749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5982138216.921105                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              70451532.078895                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.011640                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.988360                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6052589969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5982139074.320447                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              70450894.679553                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.011640                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.988360                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6052590456                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5982139671.644649                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              70450784.355351                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.011640                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.988360                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6052590066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5982140279.122299                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              70449786.877701                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.011640                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.988360                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6052590554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5982141462.398555                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              70449091.601445                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.011639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.988361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6052590651                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5982142436.214912                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              70448214.785088                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.011639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.988361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6052590749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5982143517.013066                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              70447231.986934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.011639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.988361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6052590846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5982144479.830165                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              70446366.169835                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.011639                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.988361                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               35451901                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.909175                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.443441                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    35451893    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 35451901                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3116481851                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000189                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000131                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.013757                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3115891965     99.98%     99.98% |      589886      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3116481851                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3116481851                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.123382                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.007005                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              5.067781                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3116350145    100.00%    100.00% |       57088      0.00%    100.00% |       56661      0.00%    100.00% |       11634      0.00%    100.00% |        4010      0.00%    100.00% |        1670      0.00%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3116481851                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3116481851                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.123382                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.007005                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          5.067781                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3116350145    100.00%    100.00% |       57088      0.00%    100.00% |       56661      0.00%    100.00% |       11634      0.00%    100.00% |        4010      0.00%    100.00% |        1670      0.00%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3116481851                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    723276520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2291750                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    725568270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2184651114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         7075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2184658189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits    129168880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses      1359493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses    130528373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      6702686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       454897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     18623733                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits        46287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses         3016                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses        49303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      6655008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       502575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     18623770                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits        48638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses         3214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses        51852                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      6703713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       453870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     18623765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits        95075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses         3209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses        98284                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits      6707339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       450244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     18623754                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits        34207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses         3065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses        37272                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits      6707313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       450270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     18623764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits        34456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses         3009                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses        37465                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits      6706774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       450809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     18623750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          591                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits        45845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses         2951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses        48796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits      6707355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       450228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     18623725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits        76784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses         2976                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses        79760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits      6707294                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       450289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     18623746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits        55759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses         3140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses        58899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2298599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2298825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_hits           78                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_misses       530780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_accesses       530858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         40964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       414541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       455505                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         86106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       417040                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       503146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         41167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       413279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       454446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         38024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       412807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       450831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         38636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       412211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       450847                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         38434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       412966                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       451400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         37543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       413301                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       450844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits         38187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       412697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       450884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_misses            1                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_accesses            1                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3626291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1981150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5607441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_hits        13898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_misses       517552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_accesses       531450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         13570                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.199354                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2298599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16470                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2303450                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280290                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2298584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2279580                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        13965                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18388792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165848400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18242320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18388672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164129760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1005480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.022315                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       414541                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       438114                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       279998                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       290794                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12599                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       256471                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3316328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       326536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31544208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2239984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2326352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       510912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       907128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2051768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.027883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       417040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       101618                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       575750                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       293679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       369722                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         8340                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4897                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       267973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3336320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       812944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41454000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2349432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2957776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       600480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       352584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2143784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.021688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       413279                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25204                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       424644                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       290485                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       353662                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7025                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1955                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265894                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3306232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       201632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30574368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2323880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2829296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       505800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       140760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2127152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.021228                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       412807                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       279630                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       277268                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7188                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11292                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       255774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3302456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       225656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29757600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2237040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2218144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       517536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       813024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2046192                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.021032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       412211                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21895                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       285548                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       276953                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7233                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4625                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       261991                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       175160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29815344                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2284384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2215624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       520776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       333000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2095928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.021040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       412966                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414514                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       288172                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       283866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3359                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       264201                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3303728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       168896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29845008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2305376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2270928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       503424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       241848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2113608                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.021053                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       413301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22847                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       286099                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       276887                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6955                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5891                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       262226                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      3306408                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29763072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2288792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2215096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       500760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       424152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2097808                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.021010                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       412697                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20816                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414519                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       288384                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       279220                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       264178                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      3301576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29845368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2307072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2233760                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       518328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       208728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2113424                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.469911                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      7374064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       182815                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7966315                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6122689                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4706956                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2337608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        61482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2099147                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     58992512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1462520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    573574680                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48981512                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37655648                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168307776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4426704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16793176                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.105564                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      1766623                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2471295                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1550726                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     14132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    177933240                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12405808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.047837                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      7374064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       298986                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8180842                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6122850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4706956                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2337608                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        61482                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2099147                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     58992512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2391888                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    589020624                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48982800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37655648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168307776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4426704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16793176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        22122192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       780787                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     24430221                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     32489418                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7197270                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      6297441                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        176977536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      6246296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1758975912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    259915344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    518203440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     50379528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.189852                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16470                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280251                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165493440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18242008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.208856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2298599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4930                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2298584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2279580                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        13965                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18388792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       354960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18388672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164129760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1005480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033333                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       263569                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       326536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29846880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2108552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011297                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       414541                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        23574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16429                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       290794                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12599                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       256471                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3316328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1697328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       131432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2326352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       510912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       907128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2051768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034126                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       101618                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       417039                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       812944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30026808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2210520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021639                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       417040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       158711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17364                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       369722                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         8340                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4897                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       267973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3336320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11427192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       138912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2957776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       600480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       352584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2143784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033187                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25204                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413278                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272921                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       201632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29756016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2183368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010189                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       413279                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11366                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17564                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       353662                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7025                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1955                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265894                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3306232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       818352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       140512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2829296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       505800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       140760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2127152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033095                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412806                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262964                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       225656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29722032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2103712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009361                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412807                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          494                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       277268                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7188                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11292                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       255774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3302456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        35568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       133328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2218144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       517536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       813024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2046192                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033050                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21895                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412210                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269226                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       175160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29679120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2153808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412211                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1892                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16322                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       276953                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7233                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4625                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       261991                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       136224                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       130576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2215624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       520776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       333000                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2095928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033116                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412965                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271195                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       168896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29733480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2169560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008963                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412966                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1549                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16977                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       283866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3359                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       264201                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3303728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       111528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       135816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2270928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       503424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       241848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2113608                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033139                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22847                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413300                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269183                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29757600                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2153464                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008968                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       413301                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16916                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       276887                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6955                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5891                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       262226                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3306408                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5472                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       135328                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2215096                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       500760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       424152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2097808                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033095                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20816                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412696                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271379                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29714112                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2171032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008924                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412697                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1823                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17005                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       279220                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2899                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       264178                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3301576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       131256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136040                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2233760                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       518328                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       208728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2113424                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.430264                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      5607441                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1868816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1262820                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4706956                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2337608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        61482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2099147                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     44859528                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134554752                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10102560                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37655648                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168307776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4426704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16793176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.509558                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1766623                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       182815                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6097499                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4859869                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     14132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1462520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    439019928                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38878952                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.070475                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1766623                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       704672                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       423027                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50736384                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3384216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.140653                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1766623                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1127699                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    127196856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9021592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.189852                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280251                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165493440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18242008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.033333                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40817                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414540                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       263569                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       326536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29846880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2108552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.034126                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       101618                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       417039                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276315                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       812944                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30026808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2210520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.033187                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25204                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413278                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272921                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       201632                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29756016                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2183368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.033095                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28207                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412806                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262964                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       225656                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29722032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2103712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.033050                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21895                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412210                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269226                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       175160                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29679120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2153808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.033116                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21112                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412965                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271195                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       168896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29733480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2169560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.033139                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22847                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413300                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269183                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29757600                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2153464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.033095                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271379                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166528                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29714112                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2171032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.430264                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      5607441                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1868816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1262820                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4706956                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2337608                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        61482                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2099147                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     44859528                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134554752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10102560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37655648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168307776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4426704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16793176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.070475                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      1766623                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       704672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       423027                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     14132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50736384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3384216                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14751152                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.665834                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        4.547066                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    14751144    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14751152                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      19204203                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.376672                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.268246                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    18750744     97.64%     97.64% |      305167      1.59%     99.23% |       67291      0.35%     99.58% |       73950      0.39%     99.96% |        4585      0.02%     99.99% |        1836      0.01%    100.00% |         630      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        19204203                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1496546                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.284204                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        1.182115                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1412510     94.38%     94.38% |         231      0.02%     94.40% |       83183      5.56%     99.96% |          49      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         568      0.04%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1496546                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        443013079                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.338907                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.027265                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           7.635137                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   442957090     99.99%     99.99% |       30292      0.01%     99.99% |       21259      0.00%    100.00% |        3090      0.00%    100.00% |        1070      0.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          443013079                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    443013079                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.338907                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.027265                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       7.635137                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   442957090     99.99%     99.99% |       30292      0.01%     99.99% |       21259      0.00%    100.00% |        3090      0.00%    100.00% |        1070      0.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      443013079                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        231101403                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            2.012239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.043308                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          15.276042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   231025737     99.97%     99.97% |       26769      0.01%     99.98% |       35387      0.02%     99.99% |        8535      0.00%    100.00% |        2940      0.00%    100.00% |        1431      0.00%    100.00% |         448      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          231101403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    231101403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.012239                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.043308                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      15.276042                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   231025737     99.97%     99.97% |       26769      0.01%     99.98% |       35387      0.02%     99.99% |        8535      0.00%    100.00% |        2940      0.00%    100.00% |        1431      0.00%    100.00% |         448      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      231101403                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2333652917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000017                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.134983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2333652514    100.00%    100.00% |         357      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2333652917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2333652917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000017                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.134983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2333652514    100.00%    100.00% |         357      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2333652917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.935244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.243723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    20.743949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         934     99.15%     99.15% |           3      0.32%     99.47% |           4      0.42%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.935244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.243723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    20.743949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         934     99.15%     99.15% |           3      0.32%     99.47% |           4      0.42%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.117769                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356741    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.117769                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356741    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1766623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          704672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1766623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       704672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       423027      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1766623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        704672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       423027      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1766623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       704672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   386076927     87.15%     87.15% |     7117019      1.61%     88.75% |     7117019      1.61%     90.36% |     7117019      1.61%     91.97% |     7117019      1.61%     93.57% |     7117019      1.61%     95.18% |     7117019      1.61%     96.79% |     7117019      1.61%     98.39% |     7117019      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    443013079                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071599243264    100.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071748239360                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   339491343     99.90%     99.90% |       40564      0.01%     99.92% |       40564      0.01%     99.93% |       40564      0.01%     99.94% |       40564      0.01%     99.95% |       40564      0.01%     99.96% |       40564      0.01%     99.98% |       40564      0.01%     99.99% |       40564      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    339815855                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       25889      2.16%      2.16% |      146262     12.21%     14.38% |      175201     14.63%     29.00% |      143608     11.99%     41.00% |      141932     11.85%     52.85% |      140684     11.75%     64.60% |      141933     11.85%     76.45% |      141248     11.79%     88.24% |      140803     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1197560                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2271991     39.50%     39.50% |      430238      7.48%     46.98% |      426760      7.42%     54.40% |      436432      7.59%     61.99% |      436740      7.59%     69.58% |      437355      7.60%     77.19% |      437271      7.60%     84.79% |      437537      7.61%     92.40% |      437316      7.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      5751640                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |         100      0.01%      0.01% |      130899     12.31%     12.32% |      107855     10.14%     22.47% |      135700     12.76%     35.23% |      138009     12.98%     48.21% |      137215     12.91%     61.12% |      137912     12.97%     74.09% |      138143     12.99%     87.08% |      137332     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1063165                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2298725     46.88%     46.88% |      324606      6.62%     53.50% |      395291      8.06%     61.56% |      318746      6.50%     68.06% |      312822      6.38%     74.44% |      313632      6.40%     80.84% |      313488      6.39%     87.23% |      312701      6.38%     93.61% |      313552      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4903563                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        3167      0.09%      0.09% |      453612     12.41%     12.49% |      501283     13.71%     26.20% |      452581     12.38%     38.58% |      448958     12.28%     50.86% |      448984     12.28%     63.14% |      449525     12.30%     75.44% |      448935     12.28%     87.72% |      449000     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3656045                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        7075     59.98%     59.98% |         608      5.15%     65.13% |         571      4.84%     69.97% |         576      4.88%     74.86% |         587      4.98%     79.83% |         577      4.89%     84.72% |         591      5.01%     89.73% |         616      5.22%     94.96% |         595      5.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        11796                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288504     99.55%     99.55% |        1284      0.06%     99.61% |        1291      0.06%     99.66% |        1288      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1285      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1292      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2298800                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      121539     12.30%     12.30% |       99358     10.06%     22.36% |      126144     12.77%     35.13% |      128387     13.00%     48.13% |      127737     12.93%     61.06% |      128352     12.99%     74.06% |      128485     13.01%     87.06% |      127781     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       987791                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       78375      0.29%      0.29% |     3376878     12.71%     13.01% |     2632000      9.91%     22.91% |     3285093     12.36%     35.28% |     3441538     12.95%     48.23% |     3436234     12.93%     61.16% |     3439013     12.94%     74.11% |     3442242     12.96%     87.07% |     3436507     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     26567880                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         203      0.00%      0.00% |    18623701     12.50%     12.50% |    18623711     12.50%     25.00% |    18623671     12.50%     37.50% |    18623754     12.50%     50.00% |    18623718     12.50%     62.50% |    18623717     12.50%     75.00% |    18623692     12.50%     87.50% |    18623708     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    148989875                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79     90.80%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           1      1.15%     93.10% |           1      1.15%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           1      1.15%     96.55% |           1      1.15%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           87                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.01%      0.01% |        5459     12.48%     12.49% |        4582     10.48%     22.97% |        5642     12.90%     35.87% |        5580     12.76%     48.63% |        5564     12.72%     61.36% |        5645     12.91%     74.27% |        5616     12.84%     87.11% |        5636     12.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        43727                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          12      0.00%      0.00% |      125034     12.31%     12.31% |      102861     10.13%     22.44% |      129642     12.76%     35.20% |      131922     12.99%     48.18% |      131218     12.92%     61.10% |      131826     12.98%     74.08% |      132020     13.00%     87.08% |      131290     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1015825                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    58200413     68.61%     68.61% |     3266112      3.85%     72.46% |     3963424      4.67%     77.13% |     3359141      3.96%     81.09% |     3206329      3.78%     84.87% |     3211363      3.79%     88.65% |     3208166      3.78%     92.44% |     3205651      3.78%     96.21% |     3211304      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     84831903                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071599235072    100.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071599235072                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1758     65.77%     65.77% |         121      4.53%     70.30% |         117      4.38%     74.67% |         108      4.04%     78.71% |         120      4.49%     83.20% |         108      4.04%     87.24% |         114      4.26%     91.51% |         121      4.53%     96.03% |         106      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         2673                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7158      5.24%      5.24% |       17906     13.11%     18.36% |       69912     51.20%     69.56% |       10480      7.68%     77.24% |        6611      4.84%     82.08% |        6041      4.42%     86.50% |        6590      4.83%     91.33% |        5792      4.24%     95.57% |        6046      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       136536                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         667      0.03%      0.03% |      305187     12.38%     12.41% |      323874     13.14%     25.55% |      306770     12.45%     38.00% |      304801     12.37%     50.37% |      306119     12.42%     62.79% |      305428     12.39%     75.19% |      305493     12.40%     87.58% |      306006     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      2464345                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   327794972     99.95%     99.95% |       20417      0.01%     99.96% |       20312      0.01%     99.96% |       20204      0.01%     99.97% |       20194      0.01%     99.98% |       20438      0.01%     99.98% |       20315      0.01%     99.99% |       20191      0.01%     99.99% |       20208      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    327957251                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   337201002     99.91%     99.91% |       39158      0.01%     99.92% |       39155      0.01%     99.93% |       39167      0.01%     99.94% |       39158      0.01%     99.95% |       39170      0.01%     99.97% |       39166      0.01%     99.98% |       39150      0.01%     99.99% |       39169      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    337514295                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       18720     63.44%     63.44% |        1358      4.60%     68.05% |        1349      4.57%     72.62% |        1342      4.55%     77.17% |        1354      4.59%     81.76% |        1342      4.55%     86.30% |        1346      4.56%     90.87% |        1355      4.59%     95.46% |        1340      4.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        29506                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2271312     99.99%     99.99% |          17      0.00%     99.99% |          25      0.00%     99.99% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      2271470                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         100      0.01%      0.01% |      130899     12.31%     12.32% |      107855     10.14%     22.47% |      135700     12.76%     35.23% |      138009     12.98%     48.21% |      137215     12.91%     61.12% |      137912     12.97%     74.09% |      138143     12.99%     87.08% |      137332     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1063165                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10142      0.39%      0.39% |      323321     12.41%     12.80% |      393999     15.13%     27.93% |      317457     12.19%     40.12% |      311536     11.96%     52.08% |      312346     11.99%     64.07% |      312204     11.99%     76.06% |      311408     11.96%     88.01% |      312263     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2604676                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2288504     99.55%     99.55% |        1284      0.06%     99.61% |        1291      0.06%     99.66% |        1288      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1285      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1292      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2298800                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          79     90.80%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           1      1.15%     93.10% |           1      1.15%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           1      1.15%     96.55% |           1      1.15%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       10242      0.28%      0.28% |      454220     12.38%     12.66% |      501854     13.68%     26.35% |      453157     12.35%     38.70% |      449545     12.26%     50.96% |      449561     12.26%     63.21% |      450116     12.27%     75.49% |      449551     12.26%     87.74% |      449595     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3667841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2288583     99.55%     99.55% |        1285      0.06%     99.61% |        1292      0.06%     99.66% |        1289      0.06%     99.72% |        1286      0.06%     99.78% |        1286      0.06%     99.83% |        1284      0.06%     99.89% |        1293      0.06%     99.94% |        1289      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2298887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2271979     47.97%     47.97% |      305204      6.44%     54.42% |      323899      6.84%     61.26% |      306790      6.48%     67.74% |      304818      6.44%     74.17% |      306137      6.46%     80.64% |      305445      6.45%     87.09% |      305517      6.45%     93.54% |      306026      6.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      4735815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       18720     63.44%     63.44% |        1358      4.60%     68.05% |        1349      4.57%     72.62% |        1342      4.55%     77.17% |        1354      4.59%     81.76% |        1342      4.55%     86.30% |        1346      4.56%     90.87% |        1355      4.59%     95.46% |        1340      4.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        29506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       14004      7.12%      7.12% |       29028     14.75%     21.87% |       22261     11.31%     33.18% |       19519      9.92%     43.10% |       27958     14.21%     57.31% |       20947     10.65%     67.96% |       20336     10.34%     78.29% |       22807     11.59%     89.88% |       19904     10.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       196764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50046      2.25%      2.25% |      267996     12.04%     14.29% |      224289     10.07%     24.36% |      276230     12.41%     36.77% |      282180     12.67%     49.44% |      280950     12.62%     62.06% |      281804     12.66%     74.72% |      281868     12.66%     87.38% |      281002     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2226365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1732      1.03%      1.03% |       24528     14.53%     15.56% |      126114     74.73%     90.29% |       10986      6.51%     96.80% |        1684      1.00%     97.80% |         418      0.25%     98.05% |        2062      1.22%     99.27% |         628      0.37%     99.64% |         604      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       168756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2280188     41.41%     41.41% |      397609      7.22%     48.63% |      407753      7.41%     56.04% |      406249      7.38%     63.41% |      396977      7.21%     70.62% |      403407      7.33%     77.95% |      405397      7.36%     85.31% |      403185      7.32%     92.63% |      405556      7.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5506321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           4     13.79%     20.69% |           3     10.34%     31.03% |           4     13.79%     44.83% |           4     13.79%     58.62% |           4     13.79%     72.41% |           3     10.34%     82.76% |           4     13.79%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        2464      2.41%      2.41% |       11785     11.53%     13.94% |       79354     77.65%     91.59% |        5681      5.56%     97.15% |         245      0.24%     97.39% |         944      0.92%     98.32% |         773      0.76%     99.07% |          36      0.04%     99.11% |         911      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       102193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       10020      0.43%      0.43% |      286992     12.45%     12.88% |      359577     15.59%     28.47% |      279744     12.13%     40.60% |      273652     11.87%     52.47% |      273722     11.87%     64.34% |      274256     11.89%     76.24% |      273892     11.88%     88.11% |      274118     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2305973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          78      0.08%      0.08% |        2517      2.46%      2.54% |        8853      8.66%     11.20% |       72629     71.07%     82.27% |        2330      2.28%     84.55% |        1945      1.90%     86.46% |        8326      8.15%     94.60% |        1702      1.67%     96.27% |        3813      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       102193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2288421     71.53%     71.53% |      125031      3.91%     75.44% |       48609      1.52%     76.96% |       60905      1.90%     78.86% |      136824      4.28%     83.14% |      136543      4.27%     87.41% |      130383      4.08%     91.48% |      137706      4.30%     95.79% |      134765      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3199187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        7169      0.61%      0.61% |      144904     12.41%     13.02% |      173852     14.88%     27.90% |      142266     12.18%     40.08% |      140578     12.04%     52.12% |      139342     11.93%     64.05% |      140587     12.04%     76.08% |      139893     11.98%     88.06% |      139463     11.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1168054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         152     95.00%     95.00% |           1      0.62%     95.62% |           1      0.62%     96.25% |           1      0.62%     96.87% |           1      0.62%     97.50% |           1      0.62%     98.12% |           1      0.62%     98.75% |           1      0.62%     99.37% |           1      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2280019     51.39%     51.39% |      263567      5.94%     57.33% |      276313      6.23%     63.56% |      272919      6.15%     69.71% |      262962      5.93%     75.64% |      269224      6.07%     81.70% |      271193      6.11%     87.82% |      269181      6.07%     93.88% |      271377      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4436755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       10112      0.31%      0.31% |      413256     12.49%     12.80% |      415748     12.57%     25.36% |      411990     12.45%     37.81% |      411521     12.44%     50.25% |      410925     12.42%     62.67% |      411682     12.44%     75.11% |      412008     12.45%     87.57% |      411408     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3308650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288407     99.55%     99.55% |        1284      0.06%     99.61% |        1291      0.06%     99.66% |        1288      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1285      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1292      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2298703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       16176     12.19%     12.19% |       17055     12.85%     25.04% |       16570     12.49%     37.53% |       16212     12.22%     49.75% |       16224     12.23%     61.97% |       16840     12.69%     74.67% |       16773     12.64%     87.31% |       16845     12.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       132695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79     90.80%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           1      1.15%     93.10% |           1      1.15%     94.25% |           1      1.15%     95.40% |           1      1.15%     96.55% |           1      1.15%     97.70% |           1      1.15%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      126918     12.32%     12.32% |      103827     10.08%     22.40% |      131110     12.73%     35.12% |      133915     13.00%     48.12% |      133260     12.93%     61.05% |      133926     13.00%     74.05% |      134002     13.01%     87.06% |      133319     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1030285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.24%      0.24% |          80      6.49%      6.73% |         113      9.16%     15.90% |         676     54.83%     70.72% |          52      4.22%     74.94% |          41      3.33%     78.26% |          71      5.76%     84.02% |          99      8.03%     92.05% |          98      7.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        4635      7.66%      7.67% |       51684     85.45%     93.12% |        3454      5.71%     98.83% |         140      0.23%     99.06% |          12      0.02%     99.08% |         486      0.80%     99.89% |          27      0.04%     99.93% |          42      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        60485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          23      1.68%      1.68% |          91      6.64%      8.32% |         171     12.48%     20.80% |         684     49.93%     70.73% |          58      4.23%     74.96% |          50      3.65%     78.61% |          81      5.91%     84.53% |         107      7.81%     92.34% |         105      7.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total         1370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         169      0.02%      0.02% |      134040     12.53%     12.55% |      131438     12.29%     24.84% |      133328     12.47%     37.30% |      134013     12.53%     49.83% |      134181     12.55%     62.38% |      134202     12.55%     74.93% |      134002     12.53%     87.45% |      134179     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      1069552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         709      0.03%      0.03% |      269119     12.42%     12.45% |      290008     13.38%     25.83% |      269219     12.42%     38.25% |      267075     12.32%     50.57% |      267661     12.35%     62.92% |      267638     12.35%     75.27% |      268099     12.37%     87.63% |      268027     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2167555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        8600     15.24%     15.24% |        5821     10.31%     25.55% |        7088     12.56%     38.11% |        5766     10.22%     48.33% |        5933     10.51%     58.84% |        5909     10.47%     69.31% |        5719     10.13%     79.45% |        5720     10.14%     89.58% |        5879     10.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        56435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          26      0.03%      0.03% |       11994     14.76%     14.79% |       62821     77.29%     92.07% |        4717      5.80%     97.88% |         642      0.79%     98.67% |          71      0.09%     98.75% |         837      1.03%     99.78% |          71      0.09%     99.87% |         104      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        81283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          51      8.93%      8.93% |         439     76.88%     85.81% |          60     10.51%     96.32% |           5      0.88%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |          13      2.28%     99.47% |           3      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total          571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          16      1.31%      1.31% |         162     13.31%     14.63% |         138     11.34%     25.97% |         310     25.47%     51.44% |         396     32.54%     83.98% |          48      3.94%     87.92% |          56      4.60%     92.52% |          36      2.96%     95.48% |          55      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        7074     13.08%     13.08% |        5711     10.56%     23.64% |        6982     12.91%     36.55% |        5668     10.48%     47.03% |        5823     10.77%     57.80% |        5812     10.75%     68.55% |        5615     10.38%     78.93% |        5609     10.37%     89.30% |        5784     10.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        54078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           7      0.01%      0.01% |       11778     14.82%     14.83% |       62242     78.31%     93.14% |        4345      5.47%     98.61% |         240      0.30%     98.91% |          21      0.03%     98.94% |         767      0.97%     99.90% |          30      0.04%     99.94% |          47      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total        79477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2271270     88.44%     88.44% |       36085      1.41%     89.84% |       33891      1.32%     91.16% |       37571      1.46%     92.62% |       37743      1.47%     94.09% |       38476      1.50%     95.59% |       37807      1.47%     97.06% |       37418      1.46%     98.52% |       37999      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2568260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       16415     62.03%     62.03% |        1259      4.76%     66.79% |        1229      4.64%     71.43% |        1239      4.68%     76.12% |        1242      4.69%     80.81% |        1306      4.94%     85.75% |        1257      4.75%     90.50% |        1212      4.58%     95.08% |        1303      4.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        26462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         837     44.95%     44.95% |         190     10.20%     55.16% |         123      6.61%     61.76% |         100      5.37%     67.13% |         148      7.95%     75.08% |          97      5.21%     80.29% |         123      6.61%     86.90% |         144      7.73%     94.63% |         100      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         122      0.04%      0.04% |       36278     12.17%     12.21% |       33983     11.40%     23.61% |       37653     12.63%     36.24% |       37879     12.71%     48.94% |       38624     12.96%     61.90% |       37935     12.72%     74.62% |       37513     12.58%     87.21% |       38145     12.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       298132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          97    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           97                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       13965     22.72%     22.72% |       12599     20.49%     43.21% |        4897      7.97%     51.18% |        1954      3.18%     54.36% |       11292     18.37%     72.73% |        4625      7.52%     80.25% |        3352      5.45%     85.70% |        5891      9.58%     95.28% |        2899      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        61474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2272945     51.86%     51.86% |      257856      5.88%     57.75% |      269331      6.15%     63.89% |      267251      6.10%     69.99% |      257139      5.87%     75.86% |      263412      6.01%     81.87% |      265578      6.06%     87.93% |      263572      6.01%     93.94% |      265593      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4382677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           3     11.54%     42.31% |           4     15.38%     57.69% |           4     15.38%     73.08% |           3     11.54%     84.62% |           3     11.54%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2457     10.82%     10.82% |           7      0.03%     10.85% |       17112     75.33%     86.18% |        1336      5.88%     92.06% |           5      0.02%     92.08% |         923      4.06%     96.14% |           6      0.03%     96.17% |           6      0.03%     96.20% |         864      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        22716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10020      0.43%      0.43% |      286992     12.45%     12.88% |      359577     15.59%     28.47% |      279744     12.13%     40.60% |      273652     11.87%     52.47% |      273722     11.87%     64.34% |      274256     11.89%     76.24% |      273892     11.88%     88.11% |      274118     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2305973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          78      0.08%      0.08% |        2517      2.46%      2.54% |        8853      8.66%     11.20% |       72629     71.07%     82.27% |        2330      2.28%     84.55% |        1945      1.90%     86.46% |        8326      8.15%     94.60% |        1702      1.67%     96.27% |        3813      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       102193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          15      0.00%      0.00% |      123747     13.74%     13.74% |       47318      5.25%     19.00% |       59617      6.62%     25.62% |      135539     15.05%     40.67% |      135258     15.02%     55.69% |      129100     14.34%     70.03% |      136414     15.15%     85.18% |      133477     14.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       900485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2288406     99.55%     99.55% |        1284      0.06%     99.61% |        1291      0.06%     99.66% |        1288      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1285      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1292      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2298702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         152     95.00%     95.00% |           1      0.62%     95.62% |           1      0.62%     96.25% |           1      0.62%     96.87% |           1      0.62%     97.50% |           1      0.62%     98.12% |           1      0.62%     98.75% |           1      0.62%     99.37% |           1      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2280019     51.39%     51.39% |      263567      5.94%     57.33% |      276313      6.23%     63.56% |      272918      6.15%     69.71% |      262962      5.93%     75.64% |      269224      6.07%     81.70% |      271186      6.11%     87.82% |      269181      6.07%     93.88% |      271377      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4436747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      126918     12.32%     12.32% |      103828     10.08%     22.40% |      131110     12.73%     35.12% |      133915     13.00%     48.12% |      133260     12.93%     61.05% |      133926     13.00%     74.05% |      134002     13.01%     87.06% |      133319     12.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1030286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.24%      0.24% |          80      6.49%      6.73% |         113      9.16%     15.90% |         676     54.83%     70.72% |          52      4.22%     74.94% |          41      3.33%     78.26% |          71      5.76%     84.02% |          99      8.03%     92.05% |          98      7.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          11      0.00%      0.00% |      126998     12.31%     12.31% |      103940     10.08%     22.39% |      131786     12.78%     35.17% |      133967     12.99%     48.15% |      133301     12.92%     61.08% |      133997     12.99%     74.07% |      134101     13.00%     87.07% |      133417     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1031518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1528     64.42%     64.42% |         113      4.76%     69.18% |         108      4.55%     73.74% |          99      4.17%     77.91% |         111      4.68%     82.59% |          99      4.17%     86.76% |         105      4.43%     91.19% |         112      4.72%     95.91% |          97      4.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        8600     15.24%     15.24% |        5821     10.31%     25.55% |        7088     12.56%     38.11% |        5766     10.22%     48.33% |        5933     10.51%     58.84% |        5909     10.47%     69.31% |        5719     10.13%     79.45% |        5720     10.14%     89.58% |        5879     10.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        56435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          26      0.03%      0.03% |       11994     14.76%     14.79% |       62821     77.29%     92.07% |        4717      5.80%     97.88% |         642      0.79%     98.67% |          71      0.09%     98.75% |         837      1.03%     99.78% |          71      0.09%     99.87% |         104      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        81283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        7098      5.24%      5.24% |       17702     13.08%     18.32% |       69801     51.57%     69.90% |       10384      7.67%     77.57% |        6464      4.78%     82.34% |        5881      4.35%     86.69% |        6451      4.77%     91.46% |        5679      4.20%     95.65% |        5886      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       135346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       17192     63.36%     63.36% |        1245      4.59%     67.95% |        1241      4.57%     72.52% |        1243      4.58%     77.10% |        1243      4.58%     81.68% |        1243      4.58%     86.26% |        1241      4.57%     90.84% |        1243      4.58%     95.42% |        1243      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        27134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       16415     62.03%     62.03% |        1259      4.76%     66.79% |        1229      4.64%     71.43% |        1239      4.68%     76.12% |        1242      4.69%     80.81% |        1306      4.94%     85.75% |        1257      4.75%     90.50% |        1212      4.58%     95.08% |        1303      4.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        26462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         837     44.95%     44.95% |         190     10.20%     55.16% |         123      6.61%     61.76% |         100      5.37%     67.13% |         148      7.95%     75.08% |          97      5.21%     80.29% |         123      6.61%     86.90% |         144      7.73%     94.63% |         100      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          60      5.04%      5.04% |         204     17.14%     22.18% |         111      9.33%     31.51% |          96      8.07%     39.58% |         147     12.35%     51.93% |         160     13.45%     65.38% |         139     11.68%     77.06% |         113      9.50%     86.55% |         160     13.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total         1190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3525676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2298737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        4436747      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       690927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       436772      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1766623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1127699      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          96932      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        66743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack             116098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          19023      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         102193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      4604763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       342979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1423644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       756106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1249      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        16557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1995068      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       875029      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       688040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       359154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       102193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      4436747      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        61061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1127699      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          344      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        13745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        46443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack         107905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        16557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           8193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1249      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        32074      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       310905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        80231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        32074      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1423644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS        63686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      4604675      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS       152639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        81934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        19944      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS          693      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       101878      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
