
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.932987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                932986559500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               932986559500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136409                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   364531                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              206342560                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 950584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4521.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   616781192                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1648243767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     28953728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           28953728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11468416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        11468416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       452402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              452402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       179194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             179194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31033382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              31033382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12292156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12292156                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43325537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             43325537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      452402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     179194                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    452402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   179194                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               28953152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                11467072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                28953728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             11468416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             28300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             27841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             28149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             27447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             28241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             28262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             28448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             28194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             28653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             28751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            28888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            28496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            28659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            28409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            28144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            27511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             11334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             11136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             10852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             11009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             11487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            11745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            11354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            11701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  932986498500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                452402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               179194                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  354778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   25978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    8178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    4604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    2602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    1150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  11735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  12251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  12549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  12676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  12903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  12569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  12515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  12486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  12772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       182433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    221.557109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.461034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.708132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        53636     29.40%     29.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        33171     18.18%     47.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        77190     42.31%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7993      4.38%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4005      2.20%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2130      1.17%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1210      0.66%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          978      0.54%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2120      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       182433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      40.752004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2167.877652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        11100     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::221184-229375            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         11101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.140258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.598694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10424     93.90%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               35      0.32%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              522      4.70%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               57      0.51%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               27      0.24%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               24      0.22%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                7      0.06%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         11101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9649515778                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             18131884528                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2261965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21329.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40079.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        31.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     31.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       7.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   312173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  136952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1477188.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    71.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                690787440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                376917750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1753884600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              567926640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          60937693440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         185248966590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         397288848750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           646865025210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            693.332217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 659930791502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   31154240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  241894885998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                687990240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                375391500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1774242600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              592699680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          60937693440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         185252325885                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         397285887750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           646906231095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            693.376401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 659918878500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   31154240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  241907075500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 595                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1865973119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  524282081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1465108477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1384880663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              37947212                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   49105368                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    111561659                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1384880663                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     37947212                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2917449578                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1375831131                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            60768189                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           30252472                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1158239772                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          436765000                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    227083619                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  140540775                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  86542844                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1865973118.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        184966535                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             24674789      1.68%      1.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1060485116     72.38%     74.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     901      0.00%     74.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                122612675      8.37%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               30251377      2.06%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               140540775      9.59%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               86542844      5.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1465108477                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1848055977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   16358093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32394952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25251710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              16259065                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     123773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1816988                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25251710                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     16259065                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           47527795                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          14247143                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            23241698                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           13977691                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10963896                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10932579                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      9426006                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7082428                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2343578                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1775881866.348599                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              72174110.651401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.039054                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.960946                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2008835                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    8      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 15643366     48.29%     48.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  182268      0.56%     48.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       56      0.00%     48.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                7143248     22.05%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7082428     21.86%     92.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2343578      7.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32394952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1847810074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1799840175.015105                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              47969898.984895                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.025960                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.974040                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1846736296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1799859072.075366                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              46877223.924634                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.025384                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.974616                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      1847945220                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              1799737840.122454                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              48207379.877546                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.026087                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.973913                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1847692457                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1799809534.087554                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              47882922.912446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.025915                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.974085                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      1847268573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              1799758475.216937                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              47510097.783063                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.025719                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.974281                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      1846162066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1799841620.883236                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              46320445.116764                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.025090                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.974910                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      1865590369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   14474674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     28649620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             22475223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              14710580                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      99073                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1587156                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    22475223                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     14710580                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           42841806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          12292553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            20674936                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           12212912                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads             9572506                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes            9547432                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                      8765999                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    6218542                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   2547457                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              1799387339.408084                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              66203029.591916                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.035486                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.964514                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1738886                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    7      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 13566986     47.35%     47.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                  142173      0.50%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       49      0.00%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                6174406     21.55%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 6218542     21.71%     91.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                2547457      8.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  28649620                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13845778                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.156832                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.272746                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12419283     89.70%     89.70% |     1274190      9.20%     98.90% |      125263      0.90%     99.80% |       24097      0.17%     99.98% |        2573      0.02%    100.00% |         305      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13845778                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1086140541                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000438                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000304                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.020926                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1085664735     99.96%     99.96% |      475806      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1086140541                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1086140541                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.111473                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.009003                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.026987                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1086094003    100.00%    100.00% |       35513      0.00%    100.00% |       10344      0.00%    100.00% |         590      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1086140541                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1086140541                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.111473                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.009003                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          4.026987                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  1086094003    100.00%    100.00% |       35513      0.00%    100.00% |       10344      0.00%    100.00% |         590      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1086140541                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    226574843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       508826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    227083669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits    683141070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         4729                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses    683145799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits     37119536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses       290032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses     37409568                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      9031326                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       484254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      9515580                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     21266975                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          443                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     21267418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits      2541161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses       107371                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses      2648532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      5793457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       324361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      6117818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     13428540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits      1347800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses        58963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses      1406763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      5796371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       318083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      6114454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     13428511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits      1352334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses        53370                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses      1405704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits      5790395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       325821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses      6116216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     13428547                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits      1253708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses        53165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses      1306873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits      5794750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       324830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses      6119580                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     13428540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits      1293314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses        55520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses      1348834                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits      5802172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       315646                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses      6117818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     13428549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits      1401579                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses        59302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses      1460881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits      5791312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       323142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses      6114454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     13428524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits      1337414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses        53542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses      1390956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits      8376792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       459433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses      8836225                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     19018111                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     19018542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits      1339152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses        54030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses      1393182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits         17193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       496362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       513555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_hits           16                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_misses         5655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_accesses         5671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        238423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       246274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       484697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_hits        99182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_misses         3570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_accesses       102752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        141068                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       183581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       324649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_hits        49057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_misses         3522                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_accesses        52579                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        142846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       175554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       318400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_hits        48145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_misses         3568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_accesses        51713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits        143944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       182158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       326102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_hits        47986                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_misses         3440                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_accesses        51426                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits        141143                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       183975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       325118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_hits        48716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_misses         3577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_accesses        52293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits        141135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       174790                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       315925                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_hits        51315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_misses         3820                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_accesses        55135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits        143067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       180379                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       323446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_hits        48434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_misses         3751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_accesses        52185                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits        190082                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       269782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       459864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_hits        48936                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_misses         3869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_accesses        52805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1424440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       668415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2092855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_hits         5580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_misses         6520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_accesses        12100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           839                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.140316                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       496362                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12038                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       509585                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       491381                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       496350                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       486518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      3970896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36690120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3931048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3970800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     35029296                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        91584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.049218                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       246274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       272430                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       183201                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       159997                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1970192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       481856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19614960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1465608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1279976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4152384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       126360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       297040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.037663                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       183581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89310                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       212910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       176583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1468648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       714480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15329520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1412664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1039072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2079072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       186768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.036040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       175554                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        71165                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       196194                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124339                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37887                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1685                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33610                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1404432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14125968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1307528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       994712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2727864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       121320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       268880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.037167                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       182158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       210793                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       174765                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124615                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28363                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31980                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       704704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15177096                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1398120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       996920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2042136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       160704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       255840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.037778                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       183975                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88446                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       213022                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       175856                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       130467                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30100                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2315                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32027                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1471800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       707568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15337584                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1406848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1043736                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2167200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       166680                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.036986                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       174790                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        87674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       211105                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       117080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30215                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31644                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1398320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       701392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15199560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1281728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       936640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2175480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       138528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       253152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.036490                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       180379                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        73021                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       197566                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       170268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126406                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37823                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2410                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33275                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      1443032                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       584168                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14224752                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1362144                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1011248                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2723256                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       173520                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266200                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.059157                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       269782                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        55619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       292883                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       379623                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       194737                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        89059                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1511                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        64559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      2158256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       444952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21087576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3036984                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1557896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6412248                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       108792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       516472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.491588                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      2545257                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       445353                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2516084                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1557324                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1603875                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       826513                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17698                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       297123                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     20362056                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3562824                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    181158048                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12458592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12831000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     59508936                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1274256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2376984                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.084742                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0       452402                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       631596                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       188300                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0      3619216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45474912                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1506400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.052478                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      2545257                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       625593                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2732097                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1910479                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1603875                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       826513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17698                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       297123                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     20362056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5004744                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196710984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15283832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12831000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     59508936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1274256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2376984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         7635771                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      1696539                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8196265                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     10543062                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2532633                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       891369                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         61086168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     13572312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    590131080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     84344496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    182349576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      7130952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12038                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       496272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       487276                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35731584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3898208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.147571                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       496362                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13313                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4105                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       496350                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       486518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3970896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       958536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3970800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     35029296                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        91584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.058161                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       217566                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       481856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15664752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1217776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       246274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        54864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30979                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       159997                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1970192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3950208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1279976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4152384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       126360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       297040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042866                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89310                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154575                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       119254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       714480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11129400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       954032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032460                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       183581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58335                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57329                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       129884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1468648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4200120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       458632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1039072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2079072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       186768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       258880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042359                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        71165                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114557                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11160864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       916456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.029721                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       175554                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41182                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48884                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124339                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37887                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1685                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33610                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1404432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2965104                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       391072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       994712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2727864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       121320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       268880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153567                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       117528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       704704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11056824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       940224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.031790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       182158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57226                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57237                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       124615                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28363                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31980                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4120272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       996920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2042136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       160704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       255840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.043113                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88446                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155777                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       118525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       707568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11215944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       948200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032443                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       183975                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57245                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57331                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       130467                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30100                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2315                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32027                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1471800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4121640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       458648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1043736                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2167200                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       166680                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042298                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        87674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154204                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       103035                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       701392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11102688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       824280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.031674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       174790                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57181                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       117080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30215                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        31644                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1398320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4096872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       936640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2175480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       138528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       253152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042686                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        73021                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155446                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       120971                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       584168                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11192112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       967768                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030293                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       180379                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        42120                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49297                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126406                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37823                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2410                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33275                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1443032                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3032640                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       394376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1011248                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2723256                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       173520                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       266200                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.069666                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        55619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243801                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       350058                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       444952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17553672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2800464                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.048648                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       269782                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49082                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       194737                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        89059                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1511                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        64559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2158256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3533904                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       236520                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1557896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6412248                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       108792                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       516472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.477349                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2092855                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       666683                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222500                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1603875                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       826513                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17698                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       297123                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     16742840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48001176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1780000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12831000                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     59508936                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1274256                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2376984                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.505827                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       452402                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       445353                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1849401                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1334824                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3619216                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3562824                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    133156872                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10678592                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.055459                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       452402                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       179194                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4553                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3619216                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12901968                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36424                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.114025                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       452402                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       183747                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32572944                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.133061                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12038                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       496272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       487276                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35731584                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3898208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.058161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       217566                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152222                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       481856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15664752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1217776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.042866                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89310                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154575                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       119254                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       714480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11129400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       954032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.042359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        71165                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155012                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114557                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       569320                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11160864                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       916456                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.042544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88088                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153567                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       117528                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       704704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11056824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       940224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.043113                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88446                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155777                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       118525                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       707568                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11215944                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       948200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.042298                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        87674                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154204                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       103035                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       701392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11102688                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       824280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.042686                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        73021                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155446                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       120971                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       584168                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11192112                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       967768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.069666                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        55619                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       243801                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       350058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       444952                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17553672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2800464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.477349                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      2092855                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1       666683                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1       222500                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1603875                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       826513                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17698                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       297123                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     16742840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48001176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1780000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12831000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     59508936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1274256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2376984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.055459                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0       452402                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       179194                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4553                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0      3619216                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12901968                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36424                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4820366                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.006075                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        4.000012                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3849204     79.85%     79.85% |      901052     18.69%     98.55% |       59174      1.23%     99.77% |        9052      0.19%     99.96% |        1525      0.03%     99.99% |         292      0.01%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4820366                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7868283                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.794539                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.871276                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7412953     94.21%     94.21% |      373135      4.74%     98.96% |       66089      0.84%     99.80% |       15045      0.19%     99.99% |        1048      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7868283                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1157129                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.082580                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.631497                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1137129     98.27%     98.27% |        1495      0.13%     98.40% |       18496      1.60%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1157129                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        164438958                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.417463                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.042865                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           7.627561                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   164334439     99.94%     99.94% |       68544      0.04%     99.98% |       21101      0.01%     99.99% |       11336      0.01%    100.00% |        1895      0.00%    100.00% |        1016      0.00%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |         285      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          164438958                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    164438958                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.417463                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.042865                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       7.627561                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   164334439     99.94%     99.94% |       68544      0.04%     99.98% |       21101      0.01%     99.99% |       11336      0.01%    100.00% |        1895      0.00%    100.00% |        1016      0.00%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |         285      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      164438958                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         84963145                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.612987                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.033595                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev           9.678511                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    84952645     99.99%     99.99% |        3030      0.00%     99.99% |        7417      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           84963145                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     84963145                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.612987                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.033595                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       9.678511                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |    84952645     99.99%     99.99% |        3030      0.00%     99.99% |        7417      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       84963145                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    804004727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000422                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.223981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   804004289    100.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      804004727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    804004727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000422                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.223981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |   804004289    100.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    804004727                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples         1627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.548863                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.359790                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     9.244288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |        1486     91.33%     91.33% |         101      6.21%     97.54% |          38      2.34%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.06%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total         1627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples         1627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.548863                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.359790                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     9.244288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |        1486     91.33%     91.33% |         101      6.21%     97.54% |          38      2.34%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.06%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total         1627                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000167                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000016                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.096322                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    16365990    100.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000167                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000016                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.096322                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    16365990    100.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16366042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16366042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch         452402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          179194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       452402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       179194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement         4553      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch       452402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        179194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement         4553      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data       452402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       179194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   124173337     75.51%     75.51% |     7151800      4.35%     79.86% |     4474413      2.72%     82.58% |     4472711      2.72%     85.30% |     4473612      2.72%     88.02% |     4475314      2.72%     90.75% |     4474413      2.72%     93.47% |     4472711      2.72%     96.19% |     6270647      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    164438958                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   683145799     84.97%     84.97% |    21267418      2.65%     87.61% |    13428828      1.67%     89.28% |    13428828      1.67%     90.95% |    13428828      1.67%     92.62% |    13428828      1.67%     94.29% |    13428828      1.67%     95.96% |    13428828      1.67%     97.63% |    19018542      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    804004727                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   102910332     87.44%     87.44% |     2363780      2.01%     89.45% |     1643405      1.40%     90.84% |     1641743      1.39%     92.24% |     1642604      1.40%     93.63% |     1644266      1.40%     95.03% |     1643405      1.40%     96.43% |     1641743      1.39%     97.82% |     2565578      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    117696856                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12556      2.36%      2.36% |      101528     19.10%     21.46% |       60109     11.31%     32.77% |       59119     11.12%     43.89% |       59218     11.14%     55.03% |       59745     11.24%     66.27% |       60207     11.33%     77.60% |       59827     11.26%     88.86% |       59227     11.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       531536                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      500208     15.93%     15.93% |      443894     14.14%     30.07% |      292159      9.31%     39.38% |      295636      9.42%     48.80% |      295153      9.40%     58.20% |      293732      9.36%     67.56% |      291802      9.30%     76.85% |      295301      9.41%     86.26% |      431426     13.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      3139311                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |         182      0.03%      0.03% |      119947     16.73%     16.75% |       89000     12.41%     29.16% |       78894     11.00%     40.16% |       86607     12.08%     52.24% |       87930     12.26%     64.50% |       84277     11.75%     76.25% |       84220     11.74%     88.00% |       86069     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       717126                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      513373     19.19%     19.19% |      364750     13.64%     32.83% |      235649      8.81%     41.64% |      239506      8.95%     50.60% |      239495      8.95%     59.55% |      237188      8.87%     68.42% |      231648      8.66%     77.08% |      239226      8.94%     86.02% |      373795     13.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2674630                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       11013      0.41%      0.41% |      453873     16.99%     17.40% |      294181     11.01%     28.42% |      296717     11.11%     39.53% |      296403     11.10%     50.62% |      295396     11.06%     61.68% |      293794     11.00%     72.68% |      297050     11.12%     83.80% |      432618     16.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2671045                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        4729     64.25%     64.25% |         443      6.02%     70.27% |         288      3.91%     74.18% |         317      4.31%     78.49% |         281      3.82%     82.31% |         288      3.91%     86.22% |         279      3.79%     90.01% |         304      4.13%     94.14% |         431      5.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         7360                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      497724     98.53%     98.53% |        1612      0.32%     98.85% |         829      0.16%     99.02% |         826      0.16%     99.18% |         825      0.16%     99.34% |         823      0.16%     99.51% |         827      0.16%     99.67% |         828      0.16%     99.83% |         836      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       505130                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          30      0.01%      0.01% |       89846     18.28%     18.29% |       57318     11.66%     29.95% |       57260     11.65%     41.61% |       57238     11.65%     53.25% |       57363     11.67%     64.93% |       57494     11.70%     76.63% |       57347     11.67%     88.30% |       57499     11.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       491395                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     4814290     28.23%     28.23% |     2463924     14.45%     42.68% |     1376213      8.07%     50.75% |     1354336      7.94%     58.69% |     1351697      7.93%     66.62% |     1385863      8.13%     74.75% |     1410264      8.27%     83.02% |     1435501      8.42%     91.43% |     1460865      8.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     17052953                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         650      0.00%      0.00% |    21266684     17.60%     17.60% |    13428530     11.11%     28.71% |    13428471     11.11%     39.82% |    13428547     11.11%     50.93% |    13428540     11.11%     62.04% |    13428549     11.11%     73.15% |    13428504     11.11%     84.26% |    19018111     15.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    120856586                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28769     13.82%     13.86% |       29351     14.10%     27.96% |       20540      9.86%     37.82% |       28593     13.73%     51.55% |       28611     13.74%     65.29% |       21025     10.10%     75.39% |       25264     12.13%     87.52% |       25979     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       208221                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          39      1.25%      1.25% |         461     14.81%     16.07% |         329     10.57%     26.64% |         338     10.86%     37.50% |         291      9.35%     46.85% |         340     10.93%     57.78% |         373     11.99%     69.76% |         371     11.92%     81.68% |         570     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3112                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          49      0.01%      0.01% |       90635     17.96%     17.96% |       59243     11.74%     29.70% |       57902     11.47%     41.17% |       57631     11.42%     52.59% |       58853     11.66%     64.25% |       62755     12.43%     76.68% |       58428     11.57%     88.25% |       59290     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       504786                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    22742922     63.91%     63.91% |     2233578      6.28%     70.19% |     1412817      3.97%     74.16% |     1431169      4.02%     78.18% |     1434243      4.03%     82.21% |     1400984      3.94%     86.15% |     1378506      3.87%     90.02% |     1351174      3.80%     93.82% |     2199876      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     35585269                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |   683140420    100.00%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    683140781                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        8677      1.12%      1.12% |      130848     16.81%     17.93% |       79747     10.25%     28.18% |       87793     11.28%     39.46% |       79755     10.25%     49.71% |       80245     10.31%     60.02% |       87735     11.27%     71.30% |       83808     10.77%     82.06% |      139566     17.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       778174                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3667     21.12%     21.12% |       10130     58.35%     79.47% |         645      3.72%     83.18% |         546      3.14%     86.33% |         590      3.40%     89.72% |         493      2.84%     92.56% |         470      2.71%     95.27% |         391      2.25%     97.52% |         430      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        17362                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |        2753      0.24%      0.24% |      193363     16.60%     16.83% |      125049     10.73%     27.57% |      129791     11.14%     38.71% |      129699     11.13%     49.84% |      126986     10.90%     60.74% |      121569     10.43%     71.17% |      128928     11.07%     82.24% |      206960     17.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      1165098                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    96605112     88.52%     88.52% |     2000425      1.83%     90.36% |     1391202      1.27%     91.63% |     1390489      1.27%     92.91% |     1391269      1.27%     94.18% |     1393071      1.28%     95.46% |     1391849      1.28%     96.73% |     1388986      1.27%     98.00% |     2177288      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    109129691                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   102403842     88.12%     88.12% |     2202551      1.90%     90.02% |     1533478      1.32%     91.34% |     1532584      1.32%     92.66% |     1533431      1.32%     93.98% |     1534587      1.32%     95.30% |     1533818      1.32%     96.62% |     1531843      1.32%     97.94% |     2399197      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    116205331                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        8820     44.86%     44.86% |        1091      5.55%     50.41% |        1816      9.24%     59.65% |         975      4.96%     64.61% |        1099      5.59%     70.19% |        1547      7.87%     78.06% |        1869      9.51%     87.57% |        1716      8.73%     96.30% |         728      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        19661                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      497406     33.85%     33.85% |      159896     10.88%     44.73% |      107867      7.34%     52.07% |      107943      7.35%     59.42% |      107823      7.34%     66.76% |      107893      7.34%     74.10% |      107478      7.31%     81.41% |      107945      7.35%     88.76% |      165176     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      1469427                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         182      0.03%      0.03% |      119947     16.73%     16.75% |       89000     12.41%     29.16% |       78894     11.00%     40.16% |       86607     12.08%     52.24% |       87930     12.26%     64.50% |       84277     11.75%     76.25% |       84220     11.74%     88.00% |       86069     12.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       717126                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       15560      0.79%      0.79% |      334369     17.05%     17.84% |      205469     10.48%     28.32% |      218140     11.12%     39.44% |      210077     10.71%     50.15% |      207754     10.59%     60.74% |      209796     10.70%     71.44% |      213134     10.87%     82.31% |      346980     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1961279                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      497724     98.53%     98.53% |        1612      0.32%     98.85% |         830      0.16%     99.02% |         826      0.16%     99.18% |         825      0.16%     99.34% |         825      0.16%     99.51% |         828      0.16%     99.67% |         830      0.16%     99.83% |         836      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total       505136                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28769     13.82%     13.86% |       29350     14.10%     27.96% |       20540      9.86%     37.82% |       28593     13.73%     51.55% |       28609     13.74%     65.29% |       21024     10.10%     75.39% |       25262     12.13%     87.52% |       25979     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total       208215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       15742      0.59%      0.59% |      454316     16.96%     17.55% |      294469     10.99%     28.54% |      297034     11.09%     39.63% |      296684     11.08%     50.71% |      295684     11.04%     61.75% |      294073     10.98%     72.73% |      297354     11.10%     83.83% |      433049     16.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      2678405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      497813     69.78%     69.78% |       30381      4.26%     74.04% |       30181      4.23%     78.27% |       21366      3.00%     81.27% |       29418      4.12%     85.39% |       29436      4.13%     89.52% |       21853      3.06%     92.58% |       26094      3.66%     96.24% |       26815      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       713357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      500159     18.98%     18.98% |      353259     13.41%     32.39% |      232916      8.84%     41.23% |      237734      9.02%     50.26% |      237522      9.02%     59.27% |      234879      8.92%     68.19% |      229047      8.69%     76.88% |      236873      8.99%     85.87% |      372136     14.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      2634525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        8820     44.86%     44.86% |        1091      5.55%     50.41% |        1816      9.24%     59.65% |         975      4.96%     64.61% |        1099      5.59%     70.19% |        1547      7.87%     78.06% |        1869      9.51%     87.57% |        1716      8.73%     96.30% |         728      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        19661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        5377      1.31%      1.31% |       32734      7.99%      9.30% |       59923     14.63%     23.93% |       50569     12.35%     36.28% |       59469     14.52%     50.80% |       59646     14.56%     65.36% |       59105     14.43%     79.79% |       51707     12.62%     92.41% |       31076      7.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       409606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22566      2.20%      2.20% |      183732     17.91%     20.11% |      117006     11.40%     31.51% |      116994     11.40%     42.91% |      117036     11.41%     54.32% |      117012     11.40%     65.72% |      117088     11.41%     77.13% |      116912     11.39%     88.53% |      117712     11.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1026058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2546      6.88%      6.88% |       19324     52.21%     59.09% |        3212      8.68%     67.76% |        1244      3.36%     71.12% |        1400      3.78%     74.91% |        2478      6.69%     81.60% |        3326      8.99%     90.59% |        2742      7.41%     98.00% |         742      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        37014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      487579     29.66%     29.66% |      209791     12.76%     42.42% |      119145      7.25%     49.67% |      129098      7.85%     57.53% |      117877      7.17%     64.70% |      119835      7.29%     71.99% |      119732      7.28%     79.27% |      129039      7.85%     87.12% |      211686     12.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1643782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           9      0.53%      0.53% |         132      7.74%      8.26% |         439     25.73%     34.00% |          10      0.59%     34.58% |          12      0.70%     35.29% |         355     20.81%     56.10% |         237     13.89%     69.99% |         508     29.78%     99.77% |           4      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        6652      3.10%      3.10% |       27366     12.77%     15.88% |       28948     13.51%     29.38% |       20586      9.61%     38.99% |       28607     13.35%     52.34% |       28445     13.27%     65.62% |       28332     13.22%     78.84% |       20806      9.71%     88.55% |       24539     11.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       214281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           4     17.39%     30.43% |           2      8.70%     39.13% |           2      8.70%     47.83% |           2      8.70%     56.52% |           3     13.04%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5670      0.83%      0.83% |       97152     14.21%     15.04% |       66807      9.77%     24.82% |       75773     11.08%     35.90% |       66430      9.72%     45.62% |       68136      9.97%     55.59% |       73869     10.81%     66.39% |       71342     10.44%     76.83% |      158393     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       683572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         137      0.06%      0.06% |       32485     15.16%     15.22% |       32901     15.35%     30.58% |       27206     12.70%     43.27% |       28774     13.43%     56.70% |       32902     15.35%     72.06% |       21364      9.97%     82.03% |       28976     13.52%     95.55% |        9536      4.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       214281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      490465     49.62%     49.62% |       87926      8.90%     58.52% |       54863      5.55%     64.07% |       52031      5.26%     69.34% |       58361      5.90%     75.24% |       54737      5.54%     80.78% |       58968      5.97%     86.75% |       55124      5.58%     92.32% |       75869      7.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       988344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        3736      0.73%      0.73% |      100437     19.62%     20.35% |       58293     11.39%     31.74% |       58144     11.36%     43.10% |       58119     11.35%     54.45% |       58198     11.37%     65.82% |       58338     11.40%     77.22% |       58111     11.35%     88.57% |       58499     11.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       511875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         130      0.04%      0.04% |       28709      8.13%      8.17% |       29008      8.21%     16.38% |       22516      6.38%     22.76% |       28592      8.10%     30.85% |       28198      7.99%     38.84% |       20587      5.83%     44.67% |       24936      7.06%     51.73% |      170456     48.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       353132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          90      0.04%      0.04% |       28711     13.89%     13.94% |       29010     14.04%     27.97% |       20544      9.94%     37.92% |       28593     13.84%     51.75% |       28200     13.65%     65.40% |       20589      9.96%     75.36% |       24937     12.07%     87.43% |       25984     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       206658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      487056     43.35%     43.35% |       94802      8.44%     51.78% |       61236      5.45%     57.23% |       71497      6.36%     63.60% |       60343      5.37%     68.97% |       62127      5.53%     74.50% |       61859      5.51%     80.00% |       71098      6.33%     86.33% |      153618     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1123636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5811      0.42%      0.42% |      215874     15.58%     16.00% |      153243     11.06%     27.06% |      154194     11.13%     38.18% |      152747     11.02%     49.20% |      154201     11.13%     60.33% |      152724     11.02%     71.35% |      154011     11.11%     82.47% |      242974     17.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1385779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      490453     98.53%     98.53% |        1588      0.32%     98.85% |         814      0.16%     99.01% |         816      0.16%     99.18% |         814      0.16%     99.34% |         816      0.16%     99.50% |         818      0.16%     99.67% |         821      0.16%     99.83% |         825      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       497765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         517      0.25%      0.25% |       28634     13.92%     14.17% |       28636     13.92%     28.10% |       28306     13.76%     41.86% |       28636     13.92%     55.78% |       28636     13.92%     69.71% |       28634     13.92%     83.63% |       28635     13.92%     97.55% |        5036      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       205670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           8      0.76%      0.76% |          40      3.80%      4.55% |         162     15.37%     19.92% |           0      0.00%     19.92% |           0      0.00%     19.92% |         345     32.73%     52.66% |         219     20.78%     73.43% |         280     26.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           2      8.70%     43.48% |           2      8.70%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           5     21.74%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          91     14.87%     14.87% |         267     43.63%     58.50% |           6      0.98%     59.48% |           8      1.31%     60.78% |           6      0.98%     61.76% |          10      1.63%     63.40% |         223     36.44%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |          12      0.10%      0.10% |         694      5.85%      5.95% |        1799     15.16%     21.10% |         465      3.92%     25.02% |         280      2.36%     27.38% |        1357     11.43%     38.81% |        4976     41.92%     80.73% |         801      6.75%     87.48% |        1486     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        11870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28770     13.82%     13.86% |       29350     14.10%     27.96% |       20540      9.86%     37.82% |       28593     13.73%     51.55% |       28609     13.74%     65.29% |       21024     10.10%     75.39% |       25262     12.13%     87.52% |       25979     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       208216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |          21      0.00%      0.00% |       90302     18.26%     18.27% |       57638     11.66%     29.93% |       57592     11.65%     41.58% |       57524     11.63%     53.21% |       57699     11.67%     64.88% |       57861     11.70%     76.58% |       57713     11.67%     88.26% |       58062     11.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       494412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |          48     47.52%     47.52% |           5      4.95%     52.48% |          10      9.90%     62.38% |           6      5.94%     68.32% |           5      4.95%     73.27% |           6      5.94%     79.21% |           7      6.93%     86.14% |           7      6.93%     93.07% |           7      6.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          21      1.05%      1.05% |         491     24.61%     25.66% |         603     30.23%     55.89% |           8      0.40%     56.29% |          10      0.50%     56.79% |         163      8.17%     64.96% |         227     11.38%     76.34% |         470     23.56%     99.90% |           2      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           2     11.11%     16.67% |           4     22.22%     38.89% |           2     11.11%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           2     11.11%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           3     16.67%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        3296      1.79%      1.79% |        2281      1.24%      3.03% |       28345     15.38%     18.40% |       20578     11.16%     29.56% |       28597     15.51%     45.08% |       28282     15.34%     60.42% |       28109     15.25%     75.67% |       20330     11.03%     86.69% |       24529     13.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total       184347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         523      0.10%      0.10% |      114898     22.12%     22.22% |       57642     11.09%     33.31% |       57595     11.09%     44.40% |       57526     11.07%     55.47% |       57702     11.11%     66.58% |       57863     11.14%     77.71% |       57718     11.11%     88.82% |       58067     11.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       519534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        1220      0.18%      0.18% |       87005     13.11%     13.30% |       65969      9.94%     23.24% |       74920     11.29%     34.54% |       65545      9.88%     44.41% |       67369     10.15%     54.57% |       73130     11.02%     65.59% |       70635     10.65%     76.24% |      157630     23.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total       663423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3602     43.44%     43.44% |         950     11.46%     54.90% |         567      6.84%     61.74% |         597      7.20%     68.94% |         618      7.45%     76.40% |         502      6.05%     82.45% |         486      5.86%     88.31% |         460      5.55%     93.86% |         509      6.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         8291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         332      3.56%      3.56% |        8935     95.87%     99.43% |           9      0.10%     99.53% |          10      0.11%     99.64% |           8      0.09%     99.72% |           5      0.05%     99.77% |           5      0.05%     99.83% |           9      0.10%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         9320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         292    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        3192     44.09%     44.09% |         842     11.63%     55.72% |         498      6.88%     62.60% |         520      7.18%     69.78% |         541      7.47%     77.25% |         422      5.83%     83.08% |         416      5.75%     88.83% |         383      5.29%     94.12% |         426      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         7240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          16      0.18%      0.18% |        8929     99.54%     99.72% |           5      0.06%     99.78% |           6      0.07%     99.84% |           3      0.03%     99.88% |           1      0.01%     99.89% |           2      0.02%     99.91% |           6      0.07%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         8970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      498939     25.31%     25.31% |      266254     13.51%     38.82% |      166947      8.47%     47.29% |      162814      8.26%     55.55% |      171977      8.72%     64.28% |      167510      8.50%     72.77% |      155917      7.91%     80.68% |      166238      8.43%     89.12% |      214506     10.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      1971102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        7660     74.18%     74.18% |         614      5.95%     80.13% |         298      2.89%     83.01% |         308      2.98%     86.00% |         376      3.64%     89.64% |         305      2.95%     92.59% |         197      1.91%     94.50% |         283      2.74%     97.24% |         285      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        10326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         893      9.83%      9.83% |         722      7.95%     17.77% |        1587     17.47%     35.24% |         606      6.67%     41.91% |         687      7.56%     49.47% |        1228     13.52%     62.99% |        1651     18.17%     81.16% |        1355     14.91%     96.07% |         357      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         9086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |        9890      0.77%      0.77% |      237215     18.57%     19.34% |      138662     10.85%     30.19% |      142367     11.14%     41.33% |      143647     11.24%     52.58% |      139618     10.93%     63.50% |      135927     10.64%     74.14% |      141792     11.10%     85.24% |      188587     14.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total      1277705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |        7270     99.19%     99.19% |          21      0.29%     99.48% |           4      0.05%     99.54% |           6      0.08%     99.62% |           7      0.10%     99.71% |           5      0.07%     99.78% |           5      0.07%     99.85% |           4      0.05%     99.90% |           7      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total         7329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        1272      7.19%      7.19% |        1755      9.92%     17.10% |        2594     14.66%     31.76% |        1685      9.52%     41.28% |        2232     12.61%     53.89% |        2315     13.08%     66.97% |        1924     10.87%     77.84% |        2410     13.62%     91.46% |        1511      8.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        17698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      483864     43.34%     43.34% |       93960      8.42%     51.76% |       60738      5.44%     57.20% |       70977      6.36%     63.56% |       59802      5.36%     68.91% |       61705      5.53%     74.44% |       61443      5.50%     79.94% |       70715      6.33%     86.28% |      153192     13.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1116396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           8      0.47%      0.47% |         132      7.75%      8.22% |         438     25.70%     33.92% |          10      0.59%     34.51% |          12      0.70%     35.21% |         355     20.83%     56.04% |         237     13.91%     69.95% |         508     29.81%     99.77% |           4      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6636      3.23%      3.23% |       18437      8.98%     12.21% |       28943     14.10%     26.31% |       20580     10.02%     36.33% |       28604     13.93%     50.27% |       28444     13.85%     64.12% |       28330     13.80%     77.92% |       20800     10.13%     88.05% |       24531     11.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       205305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5670      0.83%      0.83% |       97152     14.21%     15.04% |       66807      9.77%     24.82% |       75773     11.08%     35.90% |       66430      9.72%     45.62% |       68136      9.97%     55.59% |       73869     10.81%     66.39% |       71342     10.44%     76.83% |      158393     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       683572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         137      0.06%      0.06% |       32485     15.16%     15.22% |       32901     15.35%     30.58% |       27206     12.70%     43.27% |       28774     13.43%     56.70% |       32902     15.35%     72.06% |       21364      9.97%     82.03% |       28976     13.52%     95.55% |        9536      4.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       214281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          12      0.00%      0.00% |       86277     17.64%     17.65% |       53697     10.98%     28.63% |       51215     10.47%     39.10% |       57543     11.77%     50.87% |       53508     10.94%     61.81% |       57710     11.80%     73.61% |       53973     11.04%     84.65% |       75045     15.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       488980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           4     17.39%     30.43% |           2      8.70%     39.13% |           2      8.70%     47.83% |           2      8.70%     56.52% |           3     13.04%     69.57% |           4     17.39%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      490453     98.22%     98.22% |        1649      0.33%     98.55% |        1166      0.23%     98.78% |         816      0.16%     98.94% |         818      0.16%     99.11% |        1229      0.25%     99.35% |        1258      0.25%     99.60% |        1151      0.23%     99.83% |         824      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       499364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64      4.00%      4.00% |         348     21.76%     25.77% |           0      0.00%     25.77% |           4      0.25%     26.02% |         413     25.83%     51.84% |         438     27.39%     79.24% |         332     20.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         1599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         130      0.04%      0.04% |       28709      8.13%      8.17% |       29008      8.21%     16.38% |       22516      6.38%     22.76% |       28592      8.10%     30.85% |       28198      7.99%     38.84% |       20587      5.83%     44.67% |       24936      7.06%     51.73% |      170456     48.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       353132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          90      0.04%      0.04% |       28711     13.89%     13.94% |       29010     14.04%     27.97% |       20544      9.94%     37.92% |       28593     13.84%     51.75% |       28200     13.65%     65.40% |       20589      9.96%     75.36% |       24937     12.07%     87.43% |       25984     12.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       206658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      487056     43.35%     43.35% |       94802      8.44%     51.78% |       61236      5.45%     57.23% |       71497      6.36%     63.60% |       60343      5.37%     68.97% |       62127      5.53%     74.50% |       61859      5.51%     80.00% |       71098      6.33%     86.33% |      153612     13.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1123630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          21      0.00%      0.00% |       90302     18.26%     18.27% |       57638     11.66%     29.93% |       57592     11.65%     41.58% |       57524     11.63%     53.21% |       57699     11.67%     64.88% |       57861     11.70%     76.58% |       57713     11.67%     88.26% |       58062     11.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       494412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          48     47.52%     47.52% |           5      4.95%     52.48% |          10      9.90%     62.38% |           6      5.94%     68.32% |           5      4.95%     73.27% |           6      5.94%     79.21% |           7      6.93%     86.14% |           7      6.93%     93.07% |           7      6.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          69      0.01%      0.01% |       90307     18.26%     18.28% |       57648     11.66%     29.93% |       57598     11.65%     41.58% |       57529     11.63%     53.21% |       57705     11.67%     64.88% |       57868     11.70%     76.59% |       57720     11.67%     88.26% |       58069     11.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       494513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         433     39.19%     39.19% |         112     10.14%     49.32% |          72      6.52%     55.84% |          81      7.33%     63.17% |          82      7.42%     70.59% |          84      7.60%     78.19% |          73      6.61%     84.80% |          80      7.24%     92.04% |          88      7.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3602     43.44%     43.44% |         950     11.46%     54.90% |         567      6.84%     61.74% |         597      7.20%     68.94% |         618      7.45%     76.40% |         502      6.05%     82.45% |         486      5.86%     88.31% |         460      5.55%     93.86% |         509      6.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         8291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         332      3.56%      3.56% |        8935     95.87%     99.43% |           9      0.10%     99.53% |          10      0.11%     99.64% |           8      0.09%     99.72% |           5      0.05%     99.77% |           5      0.05%     99.83% |           9      0.10%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         9320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        3501     21.21%     21.21% |        9773     59.21%     80.42% |         504      3.05%     83.47% |         526      3.19%     86.66% |         544      3.30%     89.96% |         423      2.56%     92.52% |         418      2.53%     95.05% |         389      2.36%     97.41% |         428      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        16506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        8387     45.20%     45.20% |         979      5.28%     50.47% |        1744      9.40%     59.87% |         894      4.82%     64.69% |        1017      5.48%     70.17% |        1463      7.88%     78.06% |        1796      9.68%     87.73% |        1636      8.82%     96.55% |         640      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        18556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        7660     74.18%     74.18% |         614      5.95%     80.13% |         298      2.89%     83.01% |         308      2.98%     86.00% |         376      3.64%     89.64% |         305      2.95%     92.59% |         197      1.91%     94.50% |         283      2.74%     97.24% |         285      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        10326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         893      9.83%      9.83% |         722      7.95%     17.77% |        1587     17.47%     35.24% |         606      6.67%     41.91% |         687      7.56%     49.47% |        1228     13.52%     62.99% |        1651     18.17%     81.16% |        1355     14.91%     96.07% |         357      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         9086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |         166     19.39%     19.39% |         357     41.71%     61.10% |         141     16.47%     77.57% |          20      2.34%     79.91% |          46      5.37%     85.28% |          70      8.18%     93.46% |          52      6.07%     99.53% |           2      0.23%     99.77% |           2      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total          856                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1417718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         499397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE       208234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1123642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       161646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        22101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        452402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         183747      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         215849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        16130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              33743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           5010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         214281      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1389594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       156031      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       296371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       488942      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE       206635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         4708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       527553      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       201287      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       156727      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         4312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       214281      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1706      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      1123630      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        17779      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       183747      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        17548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack             70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack          33673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         4708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       156019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       296371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS          203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE         1599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       206658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      1182936      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS        30313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data       167709      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        16033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock        30539      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data        30522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS          357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       183742      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
