
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.933319                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                933318889000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               933318889000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150182                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   401275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227185105                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 939316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4108.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   616973680                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1648513294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     29620160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           29620160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12508096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12508096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       462815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              462815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       195439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             195439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31736377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              31736377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13401739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13401739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45138116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             45138116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      462815                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     195439                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    462815                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   195439                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               29619712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                12506048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                29620160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12508096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             28727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             28190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             28557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             28246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             29063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             29179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             29384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             29195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             29864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             29963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            29404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            29044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            29193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            28606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            28489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            27704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             11900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             12584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             12366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             13392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             13198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            12639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  933318828000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                462815                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               195439                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  353724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   29501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    9715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    5519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    3166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    1636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  11603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  12669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  13569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  13841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  14160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  14607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  14039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  15352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  14662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       180274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    233.665997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.136491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.119520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        54907     30.46%     30.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        26563     14.73%     45.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        75769     42.03%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8711      4.83%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5480      3.04%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3096      1.72%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1776      0.99%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1144      0.63%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2828      1.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       180274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.162118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.759938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2114.896160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        12126     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::229376-237567            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         12127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.113383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.104496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.576142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            11551     95.25%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               19      0.16%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              464      3.83%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               37      0.31%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               17      0.14%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               19      0.16%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                6      0.05%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                4      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                6      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         12127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  10690967874                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             19368617874                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2314040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23100.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41850.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        31.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     31.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       7.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   318349                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  159583                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1417870.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                686410200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                374529375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1798102800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              625812480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          60959561520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         185845325670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         396966597750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           647256339795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            693.502789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 659376745503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   31165420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  242773176997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                676302480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                369014250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1811433000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              640217520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          60959561520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         185071361715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         397645513500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           647173403985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            693.413928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 660504429752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   31165420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  241644852748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 595                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1866637778                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  524474569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1465378004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1385150190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              37947212                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   49105368                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    111600155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1385150190                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     37947212                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2918065567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1376023669                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            60768189                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           30252472                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1158470767                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          436842038                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    227199094                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  140617763                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  86581331                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1866637777.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        185005037                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             24674789      1.68%      1.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1060639168     72.38%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     901      0.00%     74.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                122612675      8.37%     82.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               30251377      2.06%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               140617763      9.60%     94.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               86581331      5.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1465378004                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1848506471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13480711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     26641740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             20924611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              13567390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      99033                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1475859                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    20924611                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     13567390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           39858191                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          11540759                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            19074513                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           11298371                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             8904729                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            8879653                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      8095365                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    5776573                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2318792                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1786463524.998537                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              62042946.001463                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.033564                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.966436                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1629051                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    7      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 12683978     47.61%     47.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  145208      0.55%     48.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       49      0.00%     48.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                5717133     21.46%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 5776573     21.68%     91.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2318792      8.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  26641740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1848393474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1799901552.590024                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              48491921.409976                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.026235                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.973765                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1847318222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1799915139.190421                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              47403082.809579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.025660                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.974340                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      1848379295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              1799792508.334196                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              48586786.665804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.026286                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.973714                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1847829594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1799884658.832376                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              47944935.167625                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.025947                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.974053                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      1848104750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              1799821609.435746                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              48283140.564254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.026126                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.973874                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      1846510761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   10277724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     20348453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             15909237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              10323215                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      74293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1134730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    15909237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     10323215                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           30123742                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes           8846780                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            14638878                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes            8730201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads             6845562                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes            6826727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      6064064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    4433688                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   1630376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1799927274.259475                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              46583486.740525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.025228                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.974772                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1249267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    6      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                  9736975     47.85%     47.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                  108148      0.53%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       42      0.00%     48.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                4439218     21.82%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 4433688     21.79%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                1630376      8.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  20348453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      1866252039                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   17352056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     34402832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             26802322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              17402255                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                     123813                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1928285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    26802322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     17402255                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           50511410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          14998937                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            24842121                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14892232                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            11631673                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           11600358                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     10096640                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7524397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   2572243                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              1788763785.187025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              77488253.812975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.041521                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.958479                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          2118670                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    8      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 16526374     48.04%     48.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                  179233      0.52%     48.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       56      0.00%     48.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                7600521     22.09%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7524397     21.87%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                2572243      7.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  34402832                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13995680                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.168576                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.288730                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12538061     89.59%     89.59% |     1306144      9.33%     98.92% |      117140      0.84%     99.75% |       30367      0.22%     99.97% |        3624      0.03%    100.00% |         292      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13995680                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1086486986                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000438                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000304                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.020922                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1086011200     99.96%     99.96% |      475786      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1086486986                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1086486986                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.114768                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.009101                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.166794                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1086294891     99.98%     99.98% |      138431      0.01%    100.00% |       26975      0.00%    100.00% |       15724      0.00%    100.00% |        7188      0.00%    100.00% |        2936      0.00%    100.00% |         381      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1086486986                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1086486986                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.114768                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.009101                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          4.166794                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  1086294891     99.98%     99.98% |      138431      0.01%    100.00% |       26975      0.00%    100.00% |       15724      0.00%    100.00% |        7188      0.00%    100.00% |        2936      0.00%    100.00% |         381      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1086486986                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    226669550                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       529594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    227199144                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits    683371998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         4791                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses    683376789                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      7762530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       408520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      8171050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     17685696                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          396                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     17686092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      5790012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       327806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      6117818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     13428549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      5794599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       319855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      6114454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     13428497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          331                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits      5788588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       327628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses      6116216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     13428524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits      5799744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       319836                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses      6119580                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     13428518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          310                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits      5789799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       328019                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses      6117818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     13428524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits      5788984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       325470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses      6114454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     13428502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          326                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     13428828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits      9638800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       541935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     10180735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     22599364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     22599868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits         37776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       496609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       534385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        192104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       216812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       408916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        145881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       182204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       328085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        144226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       175960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       320186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits        143924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       184008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       327932                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits        144142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       176004                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       320146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits        144882                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       183441                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       328323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits        144580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       181216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       325796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits        240748                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       301691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       542439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1423222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       674723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2097945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           807                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.139952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       496609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8383                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       504078                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       495283                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       496599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       490067                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          898                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      3972872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36293616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3962264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3972792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     35284824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        35928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.038999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       216812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       193131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       185616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       139601                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        62574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      1734496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13905432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1484928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1116808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4505328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       280744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.037302                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       182204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       210212                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       178418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127874                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        31900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       681872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15135264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1427344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2296800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.036304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       175960                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69475                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       196670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167214                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125173                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40927                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34446                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      1407680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       555800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14160240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1337712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1001384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2946744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       275568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.037755                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       184008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85844                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       212662                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       179897                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126441                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32916                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32629                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      1472064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       686752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15311664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1439176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1011528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2369952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.037373                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       176004                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85569                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       212388                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164767                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       121685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        33051                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33508                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      1408032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       684552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15291936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1318136                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       973480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2379672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       268064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.037619                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       183441                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       211924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       180321                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32511                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33695                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      1467528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       684920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15258528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1442568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1007024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2340792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.036494                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       181216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69666                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       196501                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       176144                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126013                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40970                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34519                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      1449728                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       557328                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14148072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1409152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1008104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2949840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       276152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.070875                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       301691                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       379226                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       372442                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       222421                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        92129                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69485                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      2413528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       669376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27304272                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2979536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1779368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6633288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       555880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.498418                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      2560760                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       424424                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2551258                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1631809                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1611685                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       857045                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306683                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     20486080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3395392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    183690576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13054472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12893480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     61707240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        36288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2453464                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.088301                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0       462815                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       658254                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       205903                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0      3702520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47394288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1647224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.053092                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      2560760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       606851                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2763166                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1968907                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1611685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       857045                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306683                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     20486080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4854808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    198947952                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15751256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12893480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     61707240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        36288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2453464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         7682280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      1638126                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8289470                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     10741776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2572647                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       920049                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         61458240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     13105008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    596841840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     85934208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    185230584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      7360392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8383                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       496520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       491183                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35749440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3929464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.146823                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       496609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7558                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4100                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       496599                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       490067                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          898                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3972872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       544176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3972792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     35284824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        35928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.050439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       188334                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       154626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13560048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1237008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       216812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4797                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       139601                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        62574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1734496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       345384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       247920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1116808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4505328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       280744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042570                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153614                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       121496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       681872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11060208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       971968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032034                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       182204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56598                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127874                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        31900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4075056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       455376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2296800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       259280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042508                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69475                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155459                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       118351                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       555800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11193048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       946808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030099                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       175960                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48863                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125173                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40927                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34446                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1407680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2967192                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       390904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1001384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2946744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       275568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.043060                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85844                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155450                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       122664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       686752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11192400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       981312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032450                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       184008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57212                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57233                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126441                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32916                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32629                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1472064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4119264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1011528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2369952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042651                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85569                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155448                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       107673                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       684552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11192256                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       861384                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032095                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       176004                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56940                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57094                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       121685                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        33051                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33508                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1408032                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4099680                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       456752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       973480                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2379672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       268064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042946                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85615                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154943                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       123205                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       684920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11155896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       985640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032292                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       183441                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56981                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57116                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32511                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33695                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1467528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4102632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       456928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1007024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2340792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042746                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69666                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155460                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       127006                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       557328                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11193120                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1016048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030242                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       181216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41041                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49138                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126013                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40970                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34519                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1449728                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2954952                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       393104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1008104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2949840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       276152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.078330                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83672                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       277908                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       339431                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       669376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20009376                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2715448                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.063420                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       301691                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       101318                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33011                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       222421                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        92129                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69485                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2413528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7294896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       264088                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1779368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      6633288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       555880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.483854                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2097945                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       674591                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1611685                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       857045                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306683                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     16783560                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48570552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2064320                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12893480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     61707240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        36288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2453464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.512981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       462815                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       424424                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1876667                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1373769                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3702520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3395392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    135120024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10990152                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       462815                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       195439                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5232                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3702520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14071608                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        41856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.116948                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       462815                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       200671                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33322680                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1605368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.133080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8383                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       496520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       491183                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35749440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3929464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.050439                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33393                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       188334                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       154626                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267144                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13560048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1237008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.042570                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85234                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153614                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       121496                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       681872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11060208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       971968                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.042508                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69475                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155459                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       118351                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       555800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11193048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       946808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.043060                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85844                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155450                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       122664                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       686752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11192400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       981312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.042651                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85569                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       107673                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       684552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11192256                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       861384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.042946                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85615                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154943                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       123205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       684920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11155896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       985640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.042746                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69666                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       127006                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       557328                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11193120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1016048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.078330                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       277908                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       339431                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       669376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20009376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2715448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.483854                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      2097945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1       674591                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258040                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1611685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       857045                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       306683                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     16783560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48570552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2064320                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     12893480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     61707240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        36288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2453464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0       462815                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       195439                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0      3702520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14071608                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        41856                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4873358                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.015757                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.964231                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3875272     79.52%     79.52% |      932783     19.14%     98.66% |       56096      1.15%     99.81% |        7636      0.16%     99.97% |        1242      0.03%     99.99% |         277      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4873358                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7968114                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.790549                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.920515                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7508584     94.23%     94.23% |      373358      4.69%     98.92% |       61044      0.77%     99.68% |       22731      0.29%     99.97% |        2382      0.03%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7968114                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1154208                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.201285                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.980089                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1107015     95.91%     95.91% |        1272      0.11%     96.02% |       45845      3.97%     99.99% |          73      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1154208                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        164515925                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.438998                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.043494                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           8.092341                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   164400618     99.93%     99.93% |       72998      0.04%     99.97% |       24897      0.02%     99.99% |       13593      0.01%    100.00% |        1918      0.00%    100.00% |        1150      0.00%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |         314      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          164515925                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    164515925                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.438998                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.043494                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       8.092341                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   164400618     99.93%     99.93% |       72998      0.04%     99.97% |       24897      0.02%     99.99% |       13593      0.01%    100.00% |        1918      0.00%    100.00% |        1150      0.00%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |         314      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      164515925                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         85001632                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.613084                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.033635                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev           9.699915                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    84925289     99.91%     99.91% |       65056      0.08%     99.99% |        2049      0.00%     99.99% |        2114      0.00%     99.99% |        5254      0.01%    100.00% |        1781      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           85001632                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     85001632                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.613084                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.033635                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       9.699915                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |    84925289     99.91%     99.91% |       65056      0.08%     99.99% |        2049      0.00%     99.99% |        2114      0.00%     99.99% |        5254      0.01%    100.00% |        1781      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       85001632                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    804235717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000032                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.230701                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   804235277    100.00%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      804235717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    804235717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000032                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.230701                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |   804235277    100.00%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    804235717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples         1628                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.785012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.378027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    12.156801                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |        1626     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total         1628                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples         1628                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.785012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.378027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    12.156801                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |        1626     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total         1628                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000356                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.117320                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    16365990    100.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000356                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.117320                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    16365990    100.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16366042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     16366042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16366042    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     16366042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch         462815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          195439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       462815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       195439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement         5232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch       462815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        195439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement         5232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data       462815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       195439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   124250324     75.52%     75.52% |     5832062      3.54%     79.07% |     4474413      2.72%     81.79% |     4472711      2.72%     84.51% |     4473612      2.72%     87.23% |     4475314      2.72%     89.95% |     4474413      2.72%     92.67% |     4472711      2.72%     95.39% |     7590365      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    164515925                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   683376789     84.97%     84.97% |    17686092      2.20%     87.17% |    13428828      1.67%     88.84% |    13428828      1.67%     90.51% |    13428828      1.67%     92.18% |    13428828      1.67%     93.85% |    13428828      1.67%     95.52% |    13428828      1.67%     97.19% |    22599868      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    804235717                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   102948820     87.44%     87.44% |     2338988      1.99%     89.43% |     1643405      1.40%     90.82% |     1641743      1.39%     92.22% |     1642604      1.40%     93.61% |     1644266      1.40%     95.01% |     1643405      1.40%     96.41% |     1641743      1.39%     97.80% |     2590370      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    117735344                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4552      0.83%      0.83% |       87503     15.99%     16.82% |       75951     13.88%     30.69% |       58686     10.72%     41.42% |       68683     12.55%     53.96% |       59669     10.90%     64.87% |       58627     10.71%     75.58% |       58635     10.71%     86.29% |       75051     13.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       547357                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      529054     16.68%     16.68% |      378474     11.93%     28.62% |      280490      8.84%     37.46% |      297970      9.40%     46.86% |      287651      9.07%     55.93% |      296888      9.36%     65.29% |      298153      9.40%     74.69% |      298380      9.41%     84.10% |      504396     15.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      3171456                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |         184      0.03%      0.03% |      114858     16.41%     16.44% |       86252     12.32%     28.76% |       78202     11.17%     39.94% |       86234     12.32%     52.26% |       78318     11.19%     63.45% |       86368     12.34%     75.79% |       83583     11.94%     87.73% |       85878     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       699877                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      534201     19.52%     19.52% |      294058     10.75%     30.27% |      241833      8.84%     39.11% |      241984      8.84%     47.95% |      241698      8.83%     56.78% |      241828      8.84%     65.62% |      241955      8.84%     74.46% |      242213      8.85%     83.31% |      456561     16.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2736331                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       21445      0.79%      0.79% |      379202     14.00%     14.79% |      298380     11.02%     25.81% |      298501     11.02%     36.83% |      298233     11.01%     47.85% |      298429     11.02%     58.86% |      298675     11.03%     69.89% |      298864     11.04%     80.93% |      516497     19.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2708226                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        4791     63.50%     63.50% |         396      5.25%     68.75% |         279      3.70%     72.45% |         331      4.39%     76.83% |         304      4.03%     80.86% |         310      4.11%     84.97% |         304      4.03%     89.00% |         326      4.32%     93.32% |         504      6.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         7545                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      508060     98.53%     98.53% |         841      0.16%     98.69% |         836      0.16%     98.86% |         855      0.17%     99.02% |         839      0.16%     99.18% |         853      0.17%     99.35% |         846      0.16%     99.51% |         852      0.17%     99.68% |        1657      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       515639                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          31      0.01%      0.01% |       85814     17.49%     17.50% |       57225     11.67%     29.16% |       57237     11.67%     40.83% |       57238     11.67%     52.50% |       57234     11.67%     64.17% |       57236     11.67%     75.83% |       57236     11.67%     87.50% |       61309     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       490560                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     3361867     22.10%     22.10% |     1990304     13.08%     35.18% |     1344775      8.84%     44.02% |     1335297      8.78%     52.80% |     1344780      8.84%     61.64% |     1336675      8.79%     70.42% |     1344494      8.84%     79.26% |     1341814      8.82%     88.08% |     1813036     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     15213042                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         667      0.00%      0.00% |    17685520     14.63%     14.63% |    13428549     11.11%     25.75% |    13428452     11.11%     36.86% |    13428524     11.11%     47.97% |    13428518     11.11%     59.08% |    13428524     11.11%     70.19% |    13428472     11.11%     81.30% |    22599364     18.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    120856590                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28477     13.90%     13.95% |       28590     13.96%     27.91% |       20499     10.01%     37.92% |       28556     13.94%     51.86% |       20554     10.04%     61.90% |       28498     13.92%     75.81% |       25754     12.58%     88.39% |       23781     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       204798                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          41      1.42%      1.42% |         398     13.78%     15.20% |         293     10.15%     25.35% |         335     11.60%     36.95% |         313     10.84%     47.78% |         317     10.98%     58.76% |         308     10.66%     69.43% |         331     11.46%     80.89% |         552     19.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2888                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          49      0.01%      0.01% |       85962     17.47%     17.48% |       57349     11.66%     29.14% |       57348     11.66%     40.79% |       57344     11.65%     52.45% |       57426     11.67%     64.12% |       57542     11.69%     75.81% |       57482     11.68%     87.50% |       61525     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       492027                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    24343929     64.84%     64.84% |     1476417      3.93%     68.77% |     1438966      3.83%     72.60% |     1448681      3.86%     76.46% |     1439571      3.83%     80.29% |     1446356      3.85%     84.15% |     1438889      3.83%     87.98% |     1442090      3.84%     91.82% |     3071415      8.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     37546314                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |   683371331    100.00%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    683371582                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       17291      2.19%      2.19% |      131472     16.66%     18.85% |       79985     10.13%     28.98% |       87965     11.14%     40.12% |       79911     10.12%     50.25% |       87914     11.14%     61.39% |       80011     10.14%     71.52% |       82842     10.50%     82.02% |      141935     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       789326                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3381     18.81%     18.81% |         344      1.91%     20.72% |         313      1.74%     22.46% |         325      1.81%     24.27% |         323      1.80%     26.07% |         306      1.70%     27.77% |         308      1.71%     29.49% |         279      1.55%     31.04% |       12396     68.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        17975                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |        4918      0.41%      0.41% |      132910     11.00%     11.41% |      132092     10.93%     22.34% |      132332     10.95%     33.30% |      132051     10.93%     44.23% |      132190     10.94%     55.17% |      132269     10.95%     66.12% |      132475     10.97%     77.09% |      276767     22.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      1208004                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    96523083     88.51%     88.51% |     1986139      1.82%     90.34% |     1392292      1.28%     91.61% |     1390232      1.27%     92.89% |     1391028      1.28%     94.16% |     1393854      1.28%     95.44% |     1392355      1.28%     96.72% |     1389943      1.27%     97.99% |     2189417      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    109048343                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   102423380     88.12%     88.12% |     2178198      1.87%     90.00% |     1533994      1.32%     91.32% |     1532424      1.32%     92.64% |     1533298      1.32%     93.96% |     1534945      1.32%     95.28% |     1534050      1.32%     96.60% |     1532295      1.32%     97.92% |     2422997      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    116225581                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        1099      3.06%      3.06% |         947      2.64%      5.69% |       18120     50.43%     56.12% |         789      2.20%     58.32% |       10809     30.08%     88.40% |        1812      5.04%     93.44% |         775      2.16%     95.59% |         789      2.20%     97.79% |         794      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        35934                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      524087     35.62%     35.62% |      159602     10.85%     46.46% |       91049      6.19%     52.65% |      108290      7.36%     60.01% |       98256      6.68%     66.69% |      107272      7.29%     73.98% |      108342      7.36%     81.34% |      108423      7.37%     88.71% |      166104     11.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      1471425                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         184      0.03%      0.03% |      114858     16.41%     16.44% |       86252     12.32%     28.76% |       78202     11.17%     39.94% |       86234     12.32%     52.26% |       78318     11.19%     63.45% |       86368     12.34%     75.79% |       83583     11.94%     87.73% |       85878     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       699877                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       26052      1.29%      1.29% |      264740     13.13%     14.42% |      212407     10.54%     24.96% |      220630     10.94%     35.91% |      212303     10.53%     46.44% |      220421     10.93%     57.37% |      212611     10.55%     67.92% |      215607     10.70%     78.61% |      431123     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2015894                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      508060     98.53%     98.53% |         841      0.16%     98.69% |         836      0.16%     98.86% |         855      0.17%     99.02% |         839      0.16%     99.18% |         853      0.17%     99.35% |         846      0.16%     99.51% |         852      0.17%     99.68% |        1657      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total       515639                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28477     13.90%     13.95% |       28590     13.96%     27.91% |       20499     10.01%     37.92% |       28556     13.94%     51.86% |       20554     10.04%     61.90% |       28498     13.92%     75.81% |       25754     12.58%     88.39% |       23781     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total       204798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       26236      0.97%      0.97% |      379598     13.98%     14.94% |      298659     11.00%     25.94% |      298832     11.00%     36.94% |      298537     10.99%     47.94% |      298739     11.00%     58.94% |      298979     11.01%     69.95% |      299190     11.02%     80.96% |      517001     19.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      2715771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      508149     70.53%     70.53% |       29318      4.07%     74.60% |       29426      4.08%     78.69% |       21354      2.96%     81.65% |       29395      4.08%     85.73% |       21407      2.97%     88.70% |       29344      4.07%     92.78% |       26606      3.69%     96.47% |       25438      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       720437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      529005     19.74%     19.74% |      292512     10.92%     30.66% |      223141      8.33%     38.99% |      240622      8.98%     47.97% |      230307      8.60%     56.56% |      239462      8.94%     65.50% |      240611      8.98%     74.48% |      240898      8.99%     83.47% |      442871     16.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      2679429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        1099      3.06%      3.06% |         947      2.64%      5.69% |       18120     50.43%     56.12% |         789      2.20%     58.32% |       10809     30.08%     88.40% |        1812      5.04%     93.44% |         775      2.16%     95.59% |         789      2.20%     97.79% |         794      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        35934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4599      1.16%      1.16% |       30990      7.85%      9.01% |       56924     14.41%     23.42% |       48864     12.37%     35.79% |       57233     14.49%     50.28% |       57094     14.46%     64.74% |       57116     14.46%     79.20% |       49140     12.44%     91.64% |       33011      8.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       394971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |        7074      0.71%      0.71% |      173726     17.32%     18.03% |      115996     11.57%     29.59% |      116074     11.57%     41.17% |      116100     11.58%     52.75% |      116088     11.58%     64.32% |      116052     11.57%     75.89% |      116032     11.57%     87.46% |      125724     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1002866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2030      2.21%      2.21% |        1280      1.39%      3.60% |       35906     39.09%     42.70% |        1298      1.41%     44.11% |       21266     23.15%     67.26% |        3250      3.54%     70.80% |        1202      1.31%     72.11% |        1238      1.35%     73.46% |       24378     26.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        91848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      491490     29.21%     29.21% |      183905     10.93%     40.15% |      121835      7.24%     47.39% |      132951      7.90%     55.29% |      123099      7.32%     62.61% |      124192      7.38%     69.99% |      123755      7.36%     77.35% |      133062      7.91%     85.26% |      248056     14.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1682345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |          10      9.62%      9.62% |           9      8.65%     18.27% |          22     21.15%     39.42% |          11     10.58%     50.00% |          10      9.62%     59.62% |          10      9.62%     69.23% |          17     16.35%     85.58% |          11     10.58%     96.15% |           4      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3774      1.78%      1.78% |        2394      1.13%      2.91% |       28288     13.36%     16.27% |       20600      9.73%     26.00% |       28601     13.51%     39.50% |       28465     13.44%     52.94% |       28482     13.45%     66.39% |       20515      9.69%     76.08% |       50657     23.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       211776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           4     20.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           2     10.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           3     15.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5775      0.83%      0.83% |       72817     10.45%     11.27% |       66658      9.56%     20.84% |       76577     10.99%     31.82% |       68500      9.83%     41.65% |       76497     10.97%     52.62% |       68053      9.76%     62.38% |       71295     10.23%     72.61% |      190923     27.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       697095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         138      0.07%      0.07% |       37485     17.70%     17.77% |       31797     15.01%     32.78% |       27267     12.88%     45.66% |       28559     13.49%     59.14% |       23805     11.24%     70.38% |       28499     13.46%     83.84% |       28132     13.28%     97.12% |        6094      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       211776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      490607     49.85%     49.85% |       78029      7.93%     57.77% |       55155      5.60%     63.38% |       51613      5.24%     68.62% |       58389      5.93%     74.55% |       55144      5.60%     80.16% |       58389      5.93%     86.09% |       56030      5.69%     91.78% |       80889      8.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       984245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        3453      0.68%      0.68% |       86556     16.92%     17.60% |       57831     11.31%     28.91% |       57897     11.32%     40.23% |       57874     11.32%     51.54% |       57857     11.31%     62.86% |       57852     11.31%     74.17% |       57846     11.31%     85.48% |       74257     14.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       511423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         129      0.04%      0.04% |       28478      8.45%      8.49% |       28592      8.48%     16.97% |       22475      6.67%     23.64% |       28559      8.47%     32.11% |       20556      6.10%     38.21% |       28499      8.45%     46.66% |       25758      7.64%     54.30% |      154032     45.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       337078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28481     13.90%     13.95% |       28594     13.96%     27.91% |       20503     10.01%     37.92% |       28560     13.94%     51.86% |       20558     10.04%     61.90% |       28500     13.91%     75.81% |       25759     12.58%     88.39% |       23785     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       204829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      490965     42.19%     42.19% |       97667      8.39%     50.58% |       64310      5.53%     56.11% |       75373      6.48%     62.58% |       65545      5.63%     68.22% |       66559      5.72%     73.94% |       66206      5.69%     79.63% |       75489      6.49%     86.11% |      161614     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1163728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5915      0.42%      0.42% |      187513     13.44%     13.86% |      152785     10.95%     24.82% |      154631     11.08%     35.90% |      154626     11.08%     46.98% |      154621     11.08%     58.07% |      154113     11.05%     69.11% |      154630     11.08%     80.20% |      276287     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1395121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      490597     98.52%     98.52% |         820      0.16%     98.68% |         822      0.17%     98.85% |         826      0.17%     99.01% |         822      0.17%     99.18% |         825      0.17%     99.34% |         823      0.17%     99.51% |         828      0.17%     99.67% |        1620      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       497983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         518      0.25%      0.25% |       28633     13.77%     14.02% |       28634     13.77%     27.79% |       28305     13.61%     41.40% |       28635     13.77%     55.17% |       28716     13.81%     68.98% |       28635     13.77%     82.75% |       28634     13.77%     96.52% |        7237      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       207947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           8     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           7     31.82%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           2      9.09%     54.55% |           2      9.09%     63.64% |           5     22.73%     86.36% |           2      9.09%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     13.46%     13.46% |          12     23.08%     36.54% |           6     11.54%     48.08% |           6     11.54%     59.62% |           6     11.54%     71.15% |           7     13.46%     84.62% |           6     11.54%     96.15% |           2      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |          12      0.83%      0.83% |         145     10.03%     10.87% |         122      8.44%     19.31% |         109      7.54%     26.85% |         105      7.27%     34.12% |         190     13.15%     47.27% |         304     21.04%     68.30% |         244     16.89%     85.19% |         214     14.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         1445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28478     13.91%     13.95% |       28590     13.96%     27.91% |       20499     10.01%     37.92% |       28556     13.94%     51.86% |       20554     10.04%     61.90% |       28498     13.92%     75.81% |       25754     12.58%     88.39% |       23781     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       204799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |          22      0.00%      0.00% |       86207     17.47%     17.48% |       57510     11.66%     29.14% |       57567     11.67%     40.80% |       57546     11.66%     52.47% |       57547     11.66%     64.13% |       57539     11.66%     75.79% |       57562     11.67%     87.46% |       61855     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       493355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |          50     53.76%     53.76% |           5      5.38%     59.14% |           8      8.60%     67.74% |           5      5.38%     73.12% |           5      5.38%     78.49% |           4      4.30%     82.80% |           5      5.38%     88.17% |           5      5.38%     93.55% |           6      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          24      6.06%      6.06% |          17      4.29%     10.35% |           3      0.76%     11.11% |          39      9.85%     20.96% |           3      0.76%     21.72% |           4      1.01%     22.73% |           2      0.51%     23.23% |           4      1.01%     24.24% |         300     75.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           2     20.00%     40.00% |           2     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     20.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        3297      1.77%      1.77% |        2357      1.27%      3.04% |       28288     15.19%     18.23% |       20558     11.04%     29.26% |       28598     15.36%     44.62% |       28378     15.24%     59.86% |       28481     15.29%     75.15% |       20504     11.01%     86.16% |       25774     13.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total       186235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         525      0.10%      0.10% |       86231     16.63%     16.73% |       57513     11.09%     27.82% |       57572     11.10%     38.92% |       57548     11.10%     50.02% |       57627     11.11%     61.13% |       57542     11.10%     72.23% |       57567     11.10%     83.33% |       86440     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       518565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        1725      0.26%      0.26% |       71904     10.67%     10.92% |       65931      9.78%     20.70% |       75846     11.25%     31.96% |       67746     10.05%     42.01% |       74742     11.09%     53.10% |       67333      9.99%     63.08% |       70622     10.48%     73.56% |      178206     26.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total       674055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3219     43.68%     43.68% |         624      8.47%     52.15% |         470      6.38%     58.53% |         444      6.03%     64.55% |         489      6.64%     71.19% |         479      6.50%     77.69% |         468      6.35%     84.04% |         420      5.70%     89.74% |         756     10.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         321      2.43%      2.43% |          40      0.30%      2.74% |           8      0.06%      2.80% |          43      0.33%      3.12% |          16      0.12%      3.24% |        1035      7.84%     11.09% |           5      0.04%     11.12% |          13      0.10%     11.22% |       11715     88.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        13196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         285    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        2940     52.87%     52.87% |         302      5.43%     58.30% |         306      5.50%     63.80% |         272      4.89%     68.69% |         316      5.68%     74.38% |         300      5.39%     79.77% |         298      5.36%     85.13% |         256      4.60%     89.73% |         571     10.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         5561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          14      0.12%      0.12% |          35      0.30%      0.42% |           3      0.03%      0.44% |          39      0.33%      0.78% |           5      0.04%      0.82% |           1      0.01%      0.83% |           2      0.02%      0.85% |           8      0.07%      0.91% |       11603     99.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total        11710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      527280     26.29%     26.29% |      220608     11.00%     37.29% |      157210      7.84%     45.13% |      164776      8.22%     53.35% |      162561      8.11%     61.46% |      164720      8.21%     69.67% |      173278      8.64%     78.31% |      170276      8.49%     86.80% |      264665     13.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2005374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         296     41.75%     41.75% |          32      4.51%     46.26% |          18      2.54%     48.80% |          26      3.67%     52.47% |          15      2.12%     54.58% |          18      2.54%     57.12% |          19      2.68%     59.80% |          34      4.80%     64.60% |         251     35.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         644      1.97%      1.97% |         595      1.82%      3.80% |       17937     54.96%     58.76% |         601      1.84%     60.60% |       10612     32.52%     93.12% |         586      1.80%     94.91% |         591      1.81%     96.72% |         601      1.84%     98.57% |         468      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        32635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       20275      1.54%      1.54% |      191922     14.55%     16.09% |      145749     11.05%     27.14% |      144053     10.92%     38.06% |      143803     10.90%     48.97% |      143924     10.91%     59.88% |      144558     10.96%     70.84% |      144312     10.94%     81.79% |      240200     18.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total      1318796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       17463     99.09%     99.09% |          19      0.11%     99.20% |           7      0.04%     99.24% |          25      0.14%     99.38% |          13      0.07%     99.46% |          24      0.14%     99.59% |          18      0.10%     99.69% |          20      0.11%     99.81% |          34      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total        17623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         499     99.01%     99.01% |           0      0.00%     99.01% |           2      0.40%     99.40% |           1      0.20%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |           2      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      488025     42.14%     42.14% |       97365      8.41%     50.54% |       64004      5.53%     56.07% |       75101      6.48%     62.56% |       65229      5.63%     68.19% |       66259      5.72%     73.91% |       65908      5.69%     79.60% |       75233      6.50%     86.10% |      161043     13.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1158167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           8      8.00%      8.00% |           9      9.00%     17.00% |          20     20.00%     37.00% |          11     11.00%     48.00% |          10     10.00%     58.00% |          10     10.00%     68.00% |          17     17.00%     85.00% |          11     11.00%     96.00% |           4      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3760      1.88%      1.88% |        2359      1.18%      3.06% |       28285     14.14%     17.20% |       20561     10.28%     27.47% |       28596     14.29%     41.77% |       28460     14.23%     55.99% |       28480     14.24%     70.23% |       20507     10.25%     80.48% |       39054     19.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       200062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5775      0.83%      0.83% |       72817     10.45%     11.27% |       66658      9.56%     20.84% |       76577     10.99%     31.82% |       68500      9.83%     41.65% |       76497     10.97%     52.62% |       68053      9.76%     62.38% |       71295     10.23%     72.61% |      190923     27.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       697095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         138      0.07%      0.07% |       37485     17.70%     17.77% |       31797     15.01%     32.78% |       27267     12.88%     45.66% |       28559     13.49%     59.14% |       23805     11.24%     70.38% |       28499     13.46%     83.84% |       28132     13.28%     97.12% |        6094      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       211776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          10      0.00%      0.00% |       77211     15.88%     15.88% |       54330     11.17%     27.05% |       50787     10.44%     37.50% |       57567     11.84%     49.34% |       54319     11.17%     60.51% |       57563     11.84%     72.35% |       55203     11.35%     83.70% |       79270     16.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       486260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           4     20.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           2     10.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           3     15.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      490597     98.52%     98.52% |         818      0.16%     98.68% |         825      0.17%     98.85% |         826      0.17%     99.01% |         822      0.17%     99.18% |         825      0.17%     99.34% |         826      0.17%     99.51% |         827      0.17%     99.67% |        1619      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       497985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         129      0.04%      0.04% |       28478      8.45%      8.49% |       28592      8.48%     16.97% |       22475      6.67%     23.64% |       28559      8.47%     32.11% |       20556      6.10%     38.21% |       28499      8.45%     46.66% |       25758      7.64%     54.30% |      154032     45.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       337078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          89      0.04%      0.04% |       28481     13.90%     13.95% |       28594     13.96%     27.91% |       20503     10.01%     37.92% |       28560     13.94%     51.86% |       20558     10.04%     61.90% |       28500     13.91%     75.81% |       25759     12.58%     88.39% |       23785     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       204829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      490965     42.19%     42.19% |       97667      8.39%     50.58% |       64310      5.53%     56.11% |       75373      6.48%     62.58% |       65545      5.63%     68.22% |       66555      5.72%     73.94% |       66206      5.69%     79.63% |       75489      6.49%     86.11% |      161614     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1163724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          22      0.00%      0.00% |       86207     17.47%     17.48% |       57510     11.66%     29.14% |       57567     11.67%     40.80% |       57546     11.66%     52.47% |       57547     11.66%     64.13% |       57539     11.66%     75.79% |       57562     11.67%     87.46% |       61855     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       493355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          50     53.76%     53.76% |           5      5.38%     59.14% |           8      8.60%     67.74% |           5      5.38%     73.12% |           5      5.38%     78.49% |           4      4.30%     82.80% |           5      5.38%     88.17% |           5      5.38%     93.55% |           6      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          72      0.01%      0.01% |       86212     17.47%     17.49% |       57518     11.66%     29.14% |       57572     11.67%     40.81% |       57551     11.66%     52.47% |       57551     11.66%     64.14% |       57544     11.66%     75.80% |       57567     11.67%     87.46% |       61861     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       493448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         297      9.89%      9.89% |         326     10.86%     20.75% |         167      5.56%     26.32% |         176      5.86%     32.18% |         184      6.13%     38.31% |        1213     40.41%     78.71% |         173      5.76%     84.48% |         169      5.63%     90.11% |         297      9.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         3002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3219     43.68%     43.68% |         624      8.47%     52.15% |         470      6.38%     58.53% |         444      6.03%     64.55% |         489      6.64%     71.19% |         479      6.50%     77.69% |         468      6.35%     84.04% |         420      5.70%     89.74% |         756     10.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         321      2.43%      2.43% |          40      0.30%      2.74% |           8      0.06%      2.80% |          43      0.33%      3.12% |          16      0.12%      3.24% |        1035      7.84%     11.09% |           5      0.04%     11.12% |          13      0.10%     11.22% |       11715     88.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        13196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        3243     18.46%     18.46% |         338      1.92%     20.39% |         311      1.77%     22.16% |         311      1.77%     23.93% |         321      1.83%     25.76% |         301      1.71%     27.47% |         300      1.71%     29.18% |         264      1.50%     30.68% |       12174     69.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        17563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |         802      2.44%      2.44% |         621      1.89%      4.32% |       17953     54.52%     58.84% |         613      1.86%     60.70% |       10625     32.26%     92.96% |         599      1.82%     94.78% |         602      1.83%     96.61% |         620      1.88%     98.49% |         497      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        32932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         296     41.75%     41.75% |          32      4.51%     46.26% |          18      2.54%     48.80% |          26      3.67%     52.47% |          15      2.12%     54.58% |          18      2.54%     57.12% |          19      2.68%     59.80% |          34      4.80%     64.60% |         251     35.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         644      1.97%      1.97% |         595      1.82%      3.80% |       17937     54.96%     58.76% |         601      1.84%     60.60% |       10612     32.52%     93.12% |         586      1.80%     94.91% |         591      1.81%     96.72% |         601      1.84%     98.57% |         468      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        32635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |         138     33.50%     33.50% |           6      1.46%     34.95% |           2      0.49%     35.44% |          14      3.40%     38.83% |           2      0.49%     39.32% |           5      1.21%     40.53% |           8      1.94%     42.48% |          15      3.64%     46.12% |         222     53.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total          412                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1428785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         498005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE       204809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1163732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       195098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         5573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        462815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         200671      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         198874      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        13406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              50158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         211776      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1399909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       166449      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       296366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       486216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE       204809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         6915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       530662      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       201515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       187978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         4978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       211776      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      1163724      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       200671      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          341      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack             77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack          50081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         6915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       166433      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       296366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       204829      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      1195080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS        33309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data       171241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        13296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock        27239      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data        27221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS          333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       184537      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
