
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.055250                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3055249991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3055249991000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 145722                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   404882                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              239042745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1514872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12781.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1862496348                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5174875761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    196758848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          196758848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    116749312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       116749312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3074357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3074357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1824208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1824208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64400245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              64400245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38212687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             38212687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    102612932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            102612932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3074357                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1824208                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3074357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1824208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              196746496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   12352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               116747328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               196758848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            116749312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            192352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            192007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            192975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            193128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            190169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            193545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            193646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            195945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            191714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            191786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           191610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           192293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           190940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           191529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           190178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           190347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            113504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            112696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            114532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            113841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            114138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            115382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            114199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            115338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            114186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            114366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           113788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           113873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           113139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           114112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           113520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           113563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3055249896500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               3074357                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1824208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1791730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  431719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  360950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  235174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                  127020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   74184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   40097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   13290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  53951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  67418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  82911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  99267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 112428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 119219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 123759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 125935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 127522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 127870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 125876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 124272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 125417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 129342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 132158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 129403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   6846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   2594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   1232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1184553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    264.649798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.598488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   279.271935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       542111     45.77%     45.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       178020     15.03%     60.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       154111     13.01%     73.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        85798      7.24%     81.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        69377      5.86%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        45565      3.85%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        26499      2.24%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        15996      1.35%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67076      5.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1184553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       113543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.073444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.277611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1779.299216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767       113542    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        113543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       113543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.065957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.061122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.418679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           110283     97.13%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              304      0.27%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2267      2.00%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              353      0.31%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              178      0.16%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               92      0.08%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               45      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               20      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        113543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  87115094001                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            144755669001                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                15370820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28337.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47087.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        64.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        38.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     64.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     38.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      15.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2150032                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1563746                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     623703.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    75.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4466470680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2437062375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             12041265600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5920322400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         199553858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         506990284515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1388419818750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2119829082720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            693.832333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2306586653259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  102021400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  646638942741                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4488727320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2449206375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             11936901600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             5900344560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         199553858400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         505819752750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1389446601000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2119595392005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            693.755845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2308293152005                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  102021400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  644932359245                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 352                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6110499982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1694442532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4840013545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4566113448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    373581154                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4566113448                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9619533680                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4549821398                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868631                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388910                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3865083453                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1449347516                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    737524043                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  448405103                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 289118940                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6110499981.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        614834132                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599458      1.95%      1.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3509204142     72.50%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.42%     82.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91388064      1.89%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               448405103      9.26%     94.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              289118940      5.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4840013545                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6109411971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5967945660.407003                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              141466310.592996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.023155                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.976845                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6109406188                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5967946536.146922                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              141459651.853078                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.023154                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.976846                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6109367496                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5967948046.750838                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              141419449.249162                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.023148                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.976852                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6109412767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5967947790.734515                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              141464976.265485                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.023155                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.976845                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6110113884                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5967932463.441770                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              142181420.558230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.023270                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.976730                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6109413749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5967949605.843894                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              141464143.156106                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.023155                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.976845                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6109409423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5967951111.989711                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              141458311.010289                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.023154                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.976846                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6109421428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5967951694.991248                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              141469733.008751                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.023156                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.976844                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               57879247                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.324140                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 6.297429                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    57797055     99.86%     99.86% |       58531      0.10%     99.96% |       14665      0.03%     99.98% |        4854      0.01%     99.99% |        3052      0.01%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |         590      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 57879247                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3272610474                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000270                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000187                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016441                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3271725674     99.97%     99.97% |      884800      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3272610474                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3272610474                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.213600                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.010726                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              6.409512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3272188224     99.99%     99.99% |      363930      0.01%    100.00% |       51479      0.00%    100.00% |        6175      0.00%    100.00% |         662      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3272610474                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3272610474                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.213600                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.010726                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          6.409512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3272188224     99.99%     99.99% |      363930      0.01%    100.00% |       51479      0.00%    100.00% |        6175      0.00%    100.00% |         662      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3272610474                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           18                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    735233099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2291008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    737524107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2208565058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         5269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2208570327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     13084658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       868834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     26860585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          428                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     13018819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       934673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     26860589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     12973444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       980048                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     26860577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     13054355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       899137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     26860572                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          441                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits     13194686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       758806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     26860583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          430                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits     13155077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       798415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     26860579                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits     13100075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       853417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     26860581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          432                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits     13027996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       925496                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     26860587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          426                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           307                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2295970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2296277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         79374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       789888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       869262                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         95762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       839335                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       935097                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        111105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       869379                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       980484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         92400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       807178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       899578                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         74027                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       685209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       759236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         83161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       715688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       798849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         80750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       773099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       853849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits        112921                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       813001                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       925922                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      4533208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      4055539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      8588747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         36296                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.197207                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2295970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8427                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2296329                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2287194                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2295957                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2286097                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          605                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18367760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165335688                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18297552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18367656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164598984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       569880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.052065                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       789888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       275538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       876891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       817227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       780418                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       133818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        68504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       349650                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      6319104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2204304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     63136152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6537816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6243344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9634896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4932288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2797200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.055731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       839335                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       286223                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       947335                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       834671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       808743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        57603                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       352932                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      6714680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2289784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     68208120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6677368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6469944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11643192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4147416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2823456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.060471                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       869379                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       390969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1078956                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       885052                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       824168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       154310                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        41701                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336134                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      6955032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3127752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77684832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7080416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6593344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11110320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3002472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2689072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.053135                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       807178                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       246298                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       892881                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       844285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       786914                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       172676                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       356100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      6457424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1970384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     64287432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6754280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6295312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12432672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2852496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2848800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.044240                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       685209                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        79545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       639654                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       649608                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       684711                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       215496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        75930                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       334321                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      5481672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     46055088                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5196864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5477688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15515712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5466960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2674568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.051575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       715688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       298448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       921507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       708709                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       706800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        37646                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       352258                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      5725504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2387584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     66348504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5669672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5654400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9533376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2710512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2818064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.050485                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       773099                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2       234936                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       820223                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       805209                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       766435                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       158667                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        68192                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      6184792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     59056056                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6441672                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6131480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11424024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4909824                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2689728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.057602                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       813001                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2       355890                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1040600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       823205                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       781123                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       151657                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        24184                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       357977                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      6504008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2847120                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     74923200                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6585640                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6248984                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10919304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1741248                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2863816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.749847                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0     11663104                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2074340                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12486588                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10056252                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8435269                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3566840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       421293                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     93304832                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     16594720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    899034336                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80450016                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67482152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    256812480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30333096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     22209544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.205283                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      3074357                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4898565                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3013786                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     24594856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    352696680                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     24110288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.078969                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0     11663104                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2176274                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13467770                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10862599                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8435269                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3566840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       421293                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     93304832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     17410192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    969679440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     86900792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67482152                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    256812480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30333096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     22209544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        34989312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      6426888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40367299                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     57893604                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     11964399                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8328579                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        279914496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     51415104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2906445528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    463148832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    861436728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     66628632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.187860                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8427                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2295889                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286903                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165304008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206553                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2295970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2295957                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2286097                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          605                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18367760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        31680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18367656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164598984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       569880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.058124                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       275538                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       678370                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       722425                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2204304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48842640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5779400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.046006                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       789888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       198521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        94802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       780418                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       133818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        68504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       349650                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6319104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14293512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       758416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6243344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9634896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4932288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2797200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.062824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       286223                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       738303                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       746742                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2289784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     53157816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5973936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.048638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       839335                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       209032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        87929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       808743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        57603                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       352932                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6714680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15050304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       703432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6469944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11643192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4147416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2823456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065361                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       390969                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       763203                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       727913                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3127752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54950616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5823304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055582                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       869379                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       315753                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       157139                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       824168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       154310                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        41701                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336134                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6955032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22734216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1257112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6593344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11110320                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3002472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2689072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.060105                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       246298                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       705470                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       749934                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1970384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50793840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5999472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.046166                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       807178                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       187411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        94351                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       786914                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       172676                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       356100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6457424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13493592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       754808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6295312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12432672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2852496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2848800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.052808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        79545                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       636276                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       647683                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45811872                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5181464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035671                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       685209                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3378                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1925                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       684711                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       215496                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        75930                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       334321                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      5481672                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       243216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        15400                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5477688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15515712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5466960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2674568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.056607                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       298448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       670968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       580807                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2387584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48309696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4646456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.046543                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       715688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       250539                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       127902                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       706800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        37646                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       352258                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      5725504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18038808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1023216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5654400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9533376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2710512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2818064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.056541                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       234936                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       661371                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       722632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47618712                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5781056                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.044429                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       773099                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       158852                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        82577                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       766435                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       158667                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        68192                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       336216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6184792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11437344                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       660616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6131480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11424024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4909824                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2689728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063027                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       355890                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       742927                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       660311                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2847120                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     53490744                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5282488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.052178                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       813001                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       297673                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       162894                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       781123                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       151657                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        24184                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       357977                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6504008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21432456                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1303152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6248984                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10919304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1741248                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2863816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.751763                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      8588747                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3750785                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2422460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8435269                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3566840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       421293                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     68709976                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270056520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19379680                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67482152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    256812480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30333096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     22209544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.747932                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3074357                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2074340                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8735803                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7633792                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     24594856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     16594720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    628977816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     61070336                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.164365                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3074357                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1824208                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       594789                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     24594856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    131342976                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4758312                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.246201                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3074357                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2418997                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    221353704                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19351976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.187860                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8427                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2295889                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286903                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67416                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165304008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.058124                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       275538                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       678370                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       722425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2204304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48842640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5779400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.062824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       286223                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       738303                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       746742                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2289784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     53157816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5973936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.065361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       390969                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       763203                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       727913                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3127752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54950616                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5823304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.060105                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       246298                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       705470                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       749934                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1970384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50793840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5999472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.052808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        79545                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       636276                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       647683                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45811872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5181464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.056607                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       298448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       670968                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       580807                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2387584                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48309696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4646456                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.056541                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2       234936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       661371                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       722632                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1879488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47618712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5781056                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.063027                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2       355890                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       742927                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       660311                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2847120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     53490744                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5282488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.751763                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      8588747                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3750785                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2422460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8435269                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3566840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       421293                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2776193                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     68709976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270056520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19379680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67482152                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    256812480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30333096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     22209544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.164365                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      3074357                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1824208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       594789                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     24594856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    131342976                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4758312                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      23367049                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.566841                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        9.493516                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    23284857     99.65%     99.65% |       58531      0.25%     99.90% |       14665      0.06%     99.96% |        4854      0.02%     99.98% |        3052      0.01%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |         590      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        23367049                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      31651219                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.423473                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.903091                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    30476651     96.29%     96.29% |     1090733      3.45%     99.74% |       76803      0.24%     99.98% |        6185      0.02%    100.00% |         815      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        31651219                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       2860979                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         1.138524                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.120296                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     2212346     77.33%     77.33% |        2249      0.08%     77.41% |      643504     22.49%     99.90% |         992      0.03%     99.93% |           2      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |        1874      0.07%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         2860979                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        468250528                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.946842                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.047530                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          14.133380                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   466989579     99.73%     99.73% |      920475      0.20%     99.93% |      216914      0.05%     99.97% |       88238      0.02%     99.99% |       16968      0.00%    100.00% |       11913      0.00%    100.00% |        3684      0.00%    100.00% |        2406      0.00%    100.00% |         343      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          468250528                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    468250528                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.946842                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.047530                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev      14.133380                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   466989579     99.73%     99.73% |      920475      0.20%     99.93% |      216914      0.05%     99.97% |       88238      0.02%     99.99% |       16968      0.00%    100.00% |       11913      0.00%    100.00% |        3684      0.00%    100.00% |        2406      0.00%    100.00% |         343      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      468250528                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        272187062                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.937923                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.049464                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          12.177420                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   272105333     99.97%     99.97% |       58747      0.02%     99.99% |       22583      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |         311      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          272187062                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    272187062                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.937923                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.049464                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      12.177420                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   272105333     99.97%     99.97% |       58747      0.02%     99.99% |       22583      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |         311      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      272187062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2423458431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.124522                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2423458038    100.00%    100.00% |         347      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2423458431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2423458431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.124522                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2423458038    100.00%    100.00% |         347      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2423458431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.932131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.218264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.220682                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         931     98.73%     98.73% |           1      0.11%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           1      0.11%     98.94% |           7      0.74%     99.68% |           2      0.21%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.932131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.218264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    18.220682                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         931     98.73%     98.73% |           1      0.11%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |           1      0.11%     98.94% |           7      0.74%     99.68% |           2      0.21%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          943                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000163                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.082938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356736    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000163                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.082938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356736    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        3074357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data         1824208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      3074357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack      1824208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       594789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      3074357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data       1824208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       594789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      3074357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack      1824208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   394047520     84.15%     84.15% |     9275376      1.98%     86.13% |     9275376      1.98%     88.11% |     9275376      1.98%     90.10% |     9275376      1.98%     92.08% |     9275376      1.98%     94.06% |     9275376      1.98%     96.04% |     9275376      1.98%     98.02% |     9275376      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    468250528                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071623153664    100.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071838046208                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   343476587     90.17%     90.17% |     4678116      1.23%     91.40% |     4678116      1.23%     92.63% |     4678116      1.23%     93.86% |     4678116      1.23%     95.09% |     4678116      1.23%     96.32% |     4678116      1.23%     97.54% |     4678116      1.23%     98.77% |     4678116      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    380901515                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7773      1.14%      1.14% |       57314      8.37%      9.51% |      136195     19.89%     29.40% |      170496     24.90%     54.30% |       93591     13.67%     67.97% |        5990      0.87%     68.84% |       45932      6.71%     75.55% |       36252      5.29%     80.84% |      131162     19.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       684705                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2287504     29.59%     29.59% |      690104      8.93%     38.51% |      669457      8.66%     47.17% |      646233      8.36%     55.53% |      677904      8.77%     64.30% |      703310      9.10%     73.40% |      694544      8.98%     82.38% |      695043      8.99%     91.37% |      666997      8.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      7731096                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          99      0.01%      0.01% |      128870     13.20%     13.21% |      144026     14.75%     27.95% |      177211     18.15%     46.10% |      140077     14.34%     60.44% |       49439      5.06%     65.51% |       65332      6.69%     72.20% |      127236     13.03%     85.22% |      144295     14.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       976585                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2296178     27.53%     27.53% |      739991      8.87%     36.41% |      790580      9.48%     45.89% |      802986      9.63%     55.52% |      759067      9.10%     64.62% |      709797      8.51%     73.13% |      733136      8.79%     81.92% |      726298      8.71%     90.63% |      781249      9.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      8339282                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Stale |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         401     14.92%     14.92% |         491     18.27%     33.20% |         287     10.68%     43.88% |         434     16.15%     60.03% |           0      0.00%     60.03% |         381     14.18%     74.21% |         315     11.72%     85.93% |         378     14.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Stale::total         2687                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        2602      0.04%      0.04% |      739972     12.24%     12.28% |      790566     13.08%     25.36% |      802753     13.28%     38.64% |      758833     12.55%     51.19% |      709858     11.74%     62.94% |      733024     12.13%     75.06% |      726361     12.02%     87.08% |      781055     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      6045024                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        5269     60.42%     60.42% |         428      4.91%     65.33% |         424      4.86%     70.19% |         436      5.00%     75.19% |         441      5.06%     80.25% |         430      4.93%     85.18% |         434      4.98%     90.16% |         432      4.95%     95.11% |         426      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         8720                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288325     98.88%     98.88% |        2925      0.13%     99.01% |        5178      0.22%     99.23% |        4077      0.18%     99.41% |        4561      0.20%     99.60% |          15      0.00%     99.60% |        2545      0.11%     99.71% |        1754      0.08%     99.79% |        4857      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2314237                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           5      2.42%      2.42% |          26     12.56%     14.98% |          19      9.18%     24.15% |          29     14.01%     38.16% |          25     12.08%     50.24% |          26     12.56%     62.80% |          22     10.63%     73.43% |          28     13.53%     86.96% |          27     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          207                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         383     15.10%     15.10% |         470     18.53%     33.62% |         274     10.80%     44.42% |         403     15.88%     60.31% |           0      0.00%     60.31% |         355     13.99%     74.30% |         294     11.59%     85.89% |         358     14.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2537                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     12.00%     12.00% |          21     14.00%     26.00% |          13      8.67%     34.67% |          31     20.67%     55.33% |           0      0.00%     55.33% |          26     17.33%     72.67% |          21     14.00%     86.67% |          20     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          150                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      908907     41.34%     41.34% |      168048      7.64%     48.98% |      182405      8.30%     57.28% |      216520      9.85%     67.12% |      179076      8.14%     75.27% |       89426      4.07%     79.33% |      104487      4.75%     84.09% |      166600      7.58%     91.66% |      183299      8.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2198768                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         204      0.00%      0.00% |    26860549     12.50%     12.50% |    26859339     12.50%     25.00% |    26860540     12.50%     37.50% |    26860517     12.50%     50.00% |    26860583     12.50%     62.50% |    26860579     12.50%     75.00% |    26860569     12.50%     87.50% |    26860587     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    214883467                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          81      0.01%      0.01% |      125536     13.24%     13.25% |      138438     14.60%     27.86% |      172931     18.24%     46.10% |      135309     14.27%     60.38% |       48933      5.16%     65.54% |       62465      6.59%     72.13% |      124987     13.19%     85.31% |      139206     14.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       947886                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.01%      0.01% |        3282     11.61%     11.62% |        5543     19.61%     31.22% |        4229     14.96%     46.18% |        4717     16.68%     62.87% |         453      1.60%     64.47% |        2820      9.97%     74.44% |        2194      7.76%     82.20% |        5032     17.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        28273                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |           9      3.73%      3.73% |          29     12.03%     15.77% |          22      9.13%     24.90% |          33     13.69%     38.59% |          28     11.62%     50.21% |          30     12.45%     62.66% |          24      9.96%     72.61% |          32     13.28%     85.89% |          34     14.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total          241                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    61122734     63.77%     63.77% |     4320002      4.51%     68.27% |     4355803      4.54%     72.82% |     4332032      4.52%     77.34% |     4327087      4.51%     81.85% |     4369487      4.56%     86.41% |     4375992      4.57%     90.97% |     4306738      4.49%     95.47% |     4344459      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     95854334                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071623149568    100.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |        1250      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071623151616                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1297      0.09%      0.09% |      168555     11.06%     11.15% |      203906     13.38%     24.53% |      181745     11.93%     36.46% |      175884     11.54%     48.00% |      218002     14.31%     62.31% |      224824     14.75%     77.06% |      155962     10.24%     87.30% |      193560     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1523735                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        5042     22.66%     22.66% |        2387     10.73%     33.38% |        1677      7.54%     40.92% |        2641     11.87%     52.79% |        2688     12.08%     64.87% |        2002      9.00%     73.86% |        1873      8.42%     82.28% |        1711      7.69%     89.97% |        2232     10.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        22253                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         819      0.02%      0.02% |      440011     12.48%     12.50% |      440801     12.50%     25.00% |      441149     12.51%     37.50% |      440169     12.48%     49.98% |      440651     12.49%     62.48% |      441055     12.50%     74.98% |      441380     12.51%     87.50% |      441033     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      3527068                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   332013277     91.17%     91.17% |     4046971      1.11%     92.29% |     3946132      1.08%     93.37% |     3923797      1.08%     94.45% |     4009977      1.10%     95.55% |     4106605      1.13%     96.68% |     4061518      1.12%     97.79% |     4075383      1.12%     98.91% |     3966205      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    364149865                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   341186884     90.71%     90.71% |     4381082      1.16%     91.88% |     4330573      1.15%     93.03% |     4319350      1.15%     94.18% |     4362331      1.16%     95.34% |     4411166      1.17%     96.51% |     4388256      1.17%     97.68% |     4395392      1.17%     98.85% |     4340473      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    376115507                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        2723      0.47%      0.47% |       46647      8.06%      8.53% |      118586     20.49%     29.02% |      153392     26.50%     55.51% |       77756     13.43%     68.95% |        3509      0.61%     69.55% |       36079      6.23%     75.79% |       28770      4.97%     80.76% |      111391     19.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       578853                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2286676     54.40%     54.40% |      250064      5.95%     60.34% |      228634      5.44%     65.78% |      205051      4.88%     70.66% |      237707      5.65%     76.32% |      262629      6.25%     82.56% |      253465      6.03%     88.59% |      253631      6.03%     94.63% |      225930      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      4203787                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          99      0.01%      0.01% |      128870     13.20%     13.21% |      144026     14.75%     27.95% |      177211     18.15%     46.10% |      140077     14.34%     60.44% |       49439      5.06%     65.51% |       65332      6.69%     72.20% |      127236     13.03%     85.22% |      144295     14.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       976585                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        7772      0.15%      0.15% |      611512     12.04%     12.20% |      646943     12.74%     24.94% |      625965     12.33%     37.27% |      619166     12.20%     49.47% |      660849     13.02%     62.48% |      668100     13.16%     75.64% |      599536     11.81%     87.45% |      637166     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5077009                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Stale |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         401     14.92%     14.92% |         491     18.27%     33.20% |         287     10.68%     43.88% |         434     16.15%     60.03% |           0      0.00%     60.03% |         381     14.18%     74.21% |         315     11.72%     85.93% |         378     14.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Stale::total         2687                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2288325     96.57%     96.57% |        7915      0.33%     96.91% |       15569      0.66%     97.57% |       14295      0.60%     98.17% |       12997      0.55%     98.72% |          15      0.00%     98.72% |        7709      0.33%     99.04% |        5324      0.22%     99.27% |       17357      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2369506                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4972      9.02%      9.02% |       10370     18.81%     27.83% |       10205     18.51%     46.35% |        8405     15.25%     61.60% |           0      0.00%     61.60% |        5138      9.32%     70.92% |        3549      6.44%     77.36% |       12480     22.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total        55119                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          81      0.01%      0.01% |      120564     13.50%     13.51% |      128068     14.35%     27.86% |      162726     18.23%     46.09% |      126904     14.21%     60.30% |       48933      5.48%     65.78% |       57327      6.42%     72.20% |      121438     13.60%     85.81% |      126726     14.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total       892767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        7871      0.13%      0.13% |      740783     12.23%     12.36% |      791460     13.07%     25.43% |      803463     13.27%     38.70% |      759677     12.54%     51.24% |      710288     11.73%     62.97% |      733813     12.12%     75.08% |      727087     12.01%     87.09% |      781839     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6056281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2288406     68.98%     68.98% |      133451      4.02%     73.00% |      154007      4.64%     77.65% |      187226      5.64%     83.29% |      148306      4.47%     87.76% |       48948      1.48%     89.24% |       70174      2.12%     91.35% |      130311      3.93%     95.28% |      156563      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      3317392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2287495     29.59%     29.59% |      690075      8.93%     38.52% |      669435      8.66%     47.17% |      646200      8.36%     55.53% |      677876      8.77%     64.30% |      703280      9.10%     73.40% |      694520      8.98%     82.38% |      695011      8.99%     91.37% |      666963      8.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      7730855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        2723      0.47%      0.47% |       46647      8.06%      8.53% |      118586     20.49%     29.02% |      153392     26.50%     55.51% |       77756     13.43%     68.95% |        3509      0.61%     69.55% |       36079      6.23%     75.79% |       28770      4.97%     80.76% |      111391     19.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       578853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        8206      0.67%      0.67% |      163306     13.27%     13.93% |      145532     11.82%     25.75% |      198840     16.15%     41.90% |      133969     10.88%     52.79% |       77855      6.32%     59.11% |      165548     13.45%     72.56% |      150769     12.25%     84.80% |      187078     15.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1231103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       13330     18.29%     18.29% |        7206      9.89%     28.18% |        7172      9.84%     38.02% |        7926     10.88%     48.90% |        7830     10.75%     59.65% |        7242      9.94%     69.58% |        7278      9.99%     79.57% |        7130      9.78%     89.36% |        7756     10.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        72870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2216      0.17%      0.17% |      107422      8.29%      8.46% |      265218     20.46%     28.91% |      333066     25.69%     54.60% |      179352     13.83%     68.43% |        4738      0.37%     68.80% |       84586      6.52%     75.32% |       65374      5.04%     80.37% |      254568     19.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      1296540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2286707     35.77%     35.77% |      487149      7.62%     43.39% |      527987      8.26%     51.65% |      503460      7.88%     59.53% |      535999      8.39%     67.91% |      550259      8.61%     76.52% |      486681      7.61%     84.14% |      495763      7.76%     91.89% |      518324      8.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      6392329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |       25943      9.65%      9.65% |       72350     26.92%     36.58% |       68505     25.49%     62.07% |       37247     13.86%     75.93% |           2      0.00%     75.93% |       15261      5.68%     81.61% |        9482      3.53%     85.13% |       39951     14.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       268743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         219      0.03%      0.03% |       86290     12.76%     12.79% |       68341     10.10%     22.89% |      123624     18.28%     41.17% |       75082     11.10%     52.27% |        1688      0.25%     52.52% |      117639     17.39%     69.91% |       74686     11.04%     80.95% |      128861     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       676430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1155     13.46%     13.46% |        1500     17.48%     30.95% |        1484     17.30%     48.25% |        1527     17.80%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |         774      9.02%     75.07% |         605      7.05%     82.12% |        1534     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         8579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        7545      0.17%      0.17% |      541588     12.04%     12.21% |      574698     12.78%     24.99% |      552850     12.29%     37.28% |      546735     12.16%     49.44% |      586828     13.05%     62.49% |      595525     13.24%     75.73% |      526565     11.71%     87.44% |      564692     12.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4497026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          82      0.01%      0.01% |      110387     16.32%     16.33% |       90453     13.37%     29.70% |       94358     13.95%     43.65% |      100353     14.84%     58.49% |       48936      7.23%     65.72% |       46294      6.84%     72.57% |      113138     16.73%     89.29% |       72427     10.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       676428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2288262     84.41%     84.41% |       25240      0.93%     85.35% |       71652      2.64%     87.99% |      114511      4.22%     92.21% |       56855      2.10%     94.31% |         512      0.02%     94.33% |       28375      1.05%     95.38% |       21063      0.78%     96.15% |      104274      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2710744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        5050      4.77%      4.77% |       10667     10.08%     14.85% |       17609     16.64%     31.48% |       17104     16.16%     47.64% |       15835     14.96%     62.60% |        2481      2.34%     64.95% |        9853      9.31%     74.25% |        7482      7.07%     81.32% |       19771     18.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       105852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         120      0.02%      0.02% |      126284     15.83%     15.84% |      129567     16.24%     32.09% |      129809     16.27%     48.36% |      117923     14.78%     63.14% |       48933      6.13%     69.27% |       50647      6.35%     75.62% |      115416     14.47%     90.09% |       79069      9.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       797768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          81      0.01%      0.01% |      112673     15.99%     16.00% |      102532     14.55%     30.56% |      107660     15.28%     45.84% |      103235     14.65%     60.49% |       48933      6.95%     67.44% |       45494      6.46%     73.89% |      112333     15.94%     89.84% |       71608     10.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       704549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2286702     36.05%     36.05% |      483468      7.62%     43.67% |      514643      8.11%     51.79% |      490444      7.73%     59.52% |      528776      8.34%     67.85% |      549817      8.67%     76.52% |      484666      7.64%     84.16% |      494883      7.80%     91.97% |      509634      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      6343033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        7640      0.15%      0.15% |      640483     12.52%     12.67% |      638250     12.48%     25.15% |      638762     12.49%     37.64% |      638395     12.48%     50.12% |      636262     12.44%     62.56% |      638237     12.48%     75.03% |      638367     12.48%     87.51% |      638723     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5115119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288249     96.77%     96.77% |        7456      0.32%     97.08% |       14773      0.62%     97.71% |       13576      0.57%     98.28% |       12069      0.51%     98.79% |          14      0.00%     98.79% |        7135      0.30%     99.09% |        5024      0.21%     99.31% |       16399      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2364695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          54     27.41%     27.41% |          18      9.14%     36.55% |          10      5.08%     41.62% |          15      7.61%     49.24% |           9      4.57%     53.81% |          28     14.21%     68.02% |          47     23.86%     91.88% |          16      8.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20962      9.90%      9.90% |       57493     27.14%     37.04% |       53657     25.33%     62.37% |       28957     13.67%     76.04% |           0      0.00%     76.04% |       12470      5.89%     81.93% |        8000      3.78%     85.71% |       30274     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       211813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     12.00%     12.00% |          21     14.00%     26.00% |          13      8.67%     34.67% |          31     20.67%     55.33% |           0      0.00%     55.33% |          26     17.33%     72.67% |          21     14.00%     86.67% |          20     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3203      7.02%      7.02% |       12914     28.29%     35.31% |       12565     27.52%     62.83% |        6761     14.81%     77.64% |           2      0.00%     77.65% |        1555      3.41%     81.05% |         403      0.88%     81.93% |        8247     18.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        45650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           1      3.03%      3.03% |           4     12.12%     15.15% |           3      9.09%     24.24% |           4     12.12%     36.36% |           3      9.09%     45.45% |           4     12.12%     57.58% |           2      6.06%     63.64% |           5     15.15%     78.79% |           7     21.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          81      0.01%      0.01% |      120564     13.50%     13.51% |      128068     14.35%     27.86% |      162726     18.23%     46.09% |      126904     14.21%     60.30% |       48933      5.48%     65.78% |       57327      6.42%     72.20% |      121438     13.60%     85.81% |      126726     14.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       892767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           5      0.14%      0.14% |         441     12.43%     12.57% |         418     11.78%     24.34% |         450     12.68%     37.02% |         455     12.82%     49.85% |         440     12.40%     62.24% |         450     12.68%     74.92% |         447     12.60%     87.52% |         443     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         3549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.00%      0.00% |        7838      9.79%      9.80% |       15514     19.38%     29.18% |       14013     17.51%     46.68% |       12692     15.86%     62.54% |          39      0.05%     62.59% |        7530      9.41%     71.99% |        5323      6.65%     78.64% |       17096     21.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        80048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3      0.00%      0.00% |        9410      6.30%      6.30% |       23469     15.72%     22.02% |       37925     25.40%     47.42% |       19891     13.32%     60.74% |           1      0.00%     60.74% |       10529      7.05%     67.79% |        7744      5.19%     72.97% |       40361     27.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total       149333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         405      9.64%      9.64% |         730     17.37%     27.00% |         645     15.35%     42.35% |         822     19.56%     61.91% |           0      0.00%     61.91% |         493     11.73%     73.64% |         249      5.92%     79.56% |         859     20.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         4203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |         219      0.04%      0.04% |       84269     13.98%     14.02% |       59643      9.89%     23.91% |       99060     16.43%     40.34% |       67053     11.12%     51.47% |        1723      0.29%     51.75% |      114132     18.93%     70.68% |       71979     11.94%     82.63% |      104736     17.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total       602814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |           5      0.14%      0.14% |         478     13.11%     13.25% |         430     11.79%     25.04% |         451     12.37%     37.41% |         462     12.67%     50.08% |         440     12.07%     62.15% |         460     12.62%     74.77% |         477     13.08%     87.85% |         443     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total         3646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         907      0.02%      0.02% |      534198     12.14%     12.16% |      567650     12.90%     25.06% |      513597     11.67%     36.73% |      536879     12.20%     48.94% |      582826     13.25%     62.18% |      589991     13.41%     75.59% |      517286     11.76%     87.35% |      556804     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      4400138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5780     18.11%     18.11% |        3156      9.89%     28.00% |        3162      9.91%     37.91% |        3479     10.90%     48.81% |        3456     10.83%     59.64% |        3177      9.96%     69.60% |        3182      9.97%     79.57% |        3097      9.70%     89.27% |        3423     10.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        31912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          91      0.16%      0.16% |        3353      5.75%      5.91% |        3005      5.15%     11.06% |       35022     60.07%     71.13% |        5654      9.70%     80.83% |         309      0.53%     81.36% |        1689      2.90%     84.25% |        5377      9.22%     93.48% |        3803      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        58303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          72      2.31%      2.31% |         627     20.15%     22.46% |          11      0.35%     22.81% |         587     18.86%     41.68% |         831     26.70%     68.38% |         193      6.20%     74.58% |         261      8.39%     82.97% |         277      8.90%     91.87% |         253      8.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         3112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        4943     28.54%     28.54% |        1438      8.30%     36.85% |        1461      8.44%     45.28% |        1798     10.38%     55.67% |        1681      9.71%     65.38% |        1465      8.46%     73.83% |        1490      8.60%     82.44% |        1356      7.83%     90.27% |        1685      9.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        17317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           7      7.22%      7.22% |          11     11.34%     18.56% |          25     25.77%     44.33% |          12     12.37%     56.70% |          16     16.49%     73.20% |           4      4.12%     77.32% |           8      8.25%     85.57% |           6      6.19%     91.75% |           8      8.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total           97                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2286588     68.65%     68.65% |      155876      4.68%     73.33% |      101785      3.06%     76.39% |      132603      3.98%     80.37% |      140997      4.23%     84.60% |      120454      3.62%     88.22% |      104529      3.14%     91.36% |      177724      5.34%     96.69% |      110159      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      3330715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         880     90.35%     90.35% |           6      0.62%     90.97% |           6      0.62%     91.58% |          34      3.49%     95.07% |           4      0.41%     95.48% |           4      0.41%     95.89% |           7      0.72%     96.61% |          21      2.16%     98.77% |          12      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1014      0.20%      0.20% |       42520      8.34%      8.54% |      114090     22.37%     30.91% |      117498     23.04%     53.95% |       71330     13.99%     67.94% |        2021      0.40%     68.34% |       33074      6.49%     74.83% |       21987      4.31%     79.14% |      106385     20.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       509919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         225      0.04%      0.04% |       69924     12.06%     12.10% |       72245     12.46%     24.55% |       73115     12.61%     37.16% |       72431     12.49%     49.65% |       74021     12.76%     62.41% |       72575     12.51%     74.92% |       72971     12.58%     87.50% |       72474     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       579981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          76     16.59%     16.59% |          36      7.86%     24.45% |          45      9.83%     34.28% |          61     13.32%     47.60% |          75     16.38%     63.97% |           1      0.22%     64.19% |          55     12.01%     76.20% |          30      6.55%     82.75% |          79     17.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total          458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        7915      1.88%      1.88% |       68503     16.26%     18.14% |       57603     13.67%     31.81% |       41701      9.90%     41.71% |       39617      9.40%     51.11% |       75930     18.02%     69.14% |       37645      8.94%     78.07% |       68192     16.19%     94.26% |       24184      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total       421290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2281759     36.07%     36.07% |      482030      7.62%     43.69% |      513182      8.11%     51.80% |      488646      7.72%     59.53% |      527095      8.33%     67.86% |      548352      8.67%     76.53% |      483176      7.64%     84.17% |      493527      7.80%     91.97% |      507949      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6325716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       25943      9.65%      9.65% |       72350     26.92%     36.58% |       68504     25.49%     62.07% |       37247     13.86%     75.93% |           2      0.00%     75.93% |       15261      5.68%     81.61% |        9481      3.53%     85.13% |       39951     14.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total       268739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |         212      0.03%      0.03% |       86274     12.76%     12.79% |       68316     10.10%     22.89% |      123612     18.28%     41.17% |       75066     11.10%     52.27% |        1684      0.25%     52.51% |      117627     17.39%     69.91% |       74674     11.04%     80.95% |      128853     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       676318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         401     14.92%     14.92% |         491     18.27%     33.20% |         287     10.68%     43.88% |         434     16.15%     60.03% |           0      0.00%     60.03% |         381     14.18%     74.21% |         315     11.72%     85.93% |         378     14.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total         2687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        7545      0.17%      0.17% |      541588     12.04%     12.21% |      574698     12.78%     24.99% |      552850     12.29%     37.28% |      546735     12.16%     49.44% |      586828     13.05%     62.49% |      595525     13.24%     75.73% |      526565     11.71%     87.44% |      564692     12.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4497026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          82      0.01%      0.01% |      110387     16.32%     16.33% |       90453     13.37%     29.70% |       94358     13.95%     43.65% |      100353     14.84%     58.49% |       48936      7.23%     65.72% |       46294      6.84%     72.57% |      113138     16.73%     89.29% |       72427     10.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       676428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          13      0.01%      0.01% |        9069      6.01%      6.02% |       30101     19.96%     25.98% |       44924     29.79%     55.78% |       19830     13.15%     68.93% |         498      0.33%     69.26% |        8507      5.64%     74.90% |        6349      4.21%     79.11% |       31500     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       150791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1155     13.46%     13.46% |        1500     17.48%     30.95% |        1484     17.30%     48.25% |        1527     17.80%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |         774      9.02%     75.07% |         605      7.05%     82.12% |        1534     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         8579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2288249     89.48%     89.48% |       15770      0.62%     90.10% |       41060      1.61%     91.70% |       69300      2.71%     94.41% |       36591      1.43%     95.84% |          14      0.00%     95.84% |       19487      0.76%     96.61% |       14399      0.56%     97.17% |       72396      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2557266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         172     13.85%     13.85% |         207     16.67%     30.52% |         191     15.38%     45.89% |         180     14.49%     60.39% |           0      0.00%     60.39% |         181     14.57%     74.96% |         157     12.64%     87.60% |         154     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         1242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9451      4.70%      4.70% |       27766     13.81%     18.52% |       57195     28.46%     46.97% |       26018     12.94%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       13100      6.52%     66.43% |        9959      4.95%     71.39% |       57511     28.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total       201000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         120      0.02%      0.02% |      126112     15.83%     15.85% |      129360     16.24%     32.09% |      129618     16.27%     48.36% |      117743     14.78%     63.14% |       48933      6.14%     69.29% |       50466      6.34%     75.62% |      115259     14.47%     90.09% |       78915      9.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       796526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          81      0.01%      0.01% |      112673     15.99%     16.00% |      102532     14.55%     30.56% |      107660     15.28%     45.84% |      103235     14.65%     60.49% |       48933      6.95%     67.44% |       45494      6.46%     73.89% |      112333     15.94%     89.84% |       71608     10.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       704549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         401     14.92%     14.92% |         491     18.27%     33.20% |         287     10.68%     43.88% |         434     16.15%     60.03% |           0      0.00%     60.03% |         381     14.18%     74.21% |         315     11.72%     85.93% |         378     14.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total         2687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     30.77%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           4     30.77%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2286702     36.05%     36.05% |      483463      7.62%     43.67% |      514643      8.11%     51.79% |      490444      7.73%     59.52% |      528775      8.34%     67.85% |      549817      8.67%     76.52% |      484661      7.64%     84.16% |      494878      7.80%     91.97% |      509634      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      6343017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     31.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           5     31.25%     68.75% |           5     31.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4972      9.02%      9.02% |       10370     18.81%     27.83% |       10205     18.51%     46.35% |        8405     15.25%     61.60% |           0      0.00%     61.60% |        5138      9.32%     70.92% |        3549      6.44%     77.36% |       12480     22.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total        55119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           5      0.14%      0.14% |         441     12.43%     12.57% |         418     11.78%     24.34% |         450     12.68%     37.02% |         455     12.82%     49.85% |         440     12.40%     62.24% |         450     12.68%     74.92% |         447     12.60%     87.52% |         443     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         3549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.00%      0.00% |        7838      9.79%      9.80% |       15514     19.38%     29.18% |       14013     17.51%     46.68% |       12692     15.86%     62.54% |          39      0.05%     62.59% |        7530      9.41%     71.99% |        5323      6.65%     78.64% |       17096     21.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        80048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |           8      0.01%      0.01% |        8279      9.90%      9.91% |       15932     19.06%     28.97% |       14463     17.30%     46.27% |       13147     15.73%     62.00% |         479      0.57%     62.57% |        7980      9.55%     72.12% |        5770      6.90%     79.02% |       17539     20.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total        83597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         845      1.21%      1.21% |        4433      6.36%      7.57% |        4670      6.70%     14.28% |       36103     51.81%     66.09% |        6582      9.45%     75.53% |        1824      2.62%     78.15% |        3112      4.47%     82.62% |        6834      9.81%     92.42% |        5280      7.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        69683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5780     18.11%     18.11% |        3156      9.89%     28.00% |        3162      9.91%     37.91% |        3479     10.90%     48.81% |        3456     10.83%     59.64% |        3177      9.96%     69.60% |        3182      9.97%     79.57% |        3097      9.70%     89.27% |        3423     10.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        31912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          91      0.16%      0.16% |        3353      5.75%      5.91% |        3005      5.15%     11.06% |       35022     60.07%     71.13% |        5654      9.70%     80.83% |         309      0.53%     81.36% |        1689      2.90%     84.25% |        5377      9.22%     93.48% |        3803      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        58303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        5026     24.48%     24.48% |        2076     10.11%     34.59% |        1497      7.29%     41.88% |        2398     11.68%     53.56% |        2528     12.31%     65.87% |        1662      8.09%     73.97% |        1759      8.57%     82.53% |        1640      7.99%     90.52% |        1946      9.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        20532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1878      0.37%      0.37% |       42214      8.29%      8.66% |      113916     22.37%     31.03% |      117289     23.04%     54.07% |       71174     13.98%     68.05% |        1685      0.33%     68.38% |       32967      6.47%     74.85% |       21936      4.31%     79.16% |      106111     20.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       509170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         880     90.35%     90.35% |           6      0.62%     90.97% |           6      0.62%     91.58% |          34      3.49%     95.07% |           4      0.41%     95.48% |           4      0.41%     95.89% |           7      0.72%     96.61% |          21      2.16%     98.77% |          12      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1014      0.20%      0.20% |       42520      8.34%      8.54% |      114090     22.37%     30.91% |      117498     23.04%     53.95% |       71330     13.99%     67.94% |        2021      0.40%     68.34% |       33074      6.49%     74.83% |       21987      4.31%     79.14% |      106385     20.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       509919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          16      0.93%      0.93% |         311     18.07%     19.00% |         180     10.46%     29.46% |         243     14.12%     43.58% |         160      9.30%     52.88% |         340     19.76%     72.63% |         114      6.62%     79.26% |          71      4.13%     83.38% |         286     16.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total         1721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5604087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2774730      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE       896940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        6343043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1560025      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       858972      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       3074357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2418997      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         961278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       136443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           3165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         676428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7758841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1714939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1359418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        89097      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         8741      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE       695970      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2810457      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       928943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1538113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       456426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       676428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX       268743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      6343017      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement        21874      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean       402531      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2418997      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data        20672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data       264183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean       135803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         2545      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            192      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        28370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1686569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS         7641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        28370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1359418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS        18673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX        79250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE       200926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       704711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS       174664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX       115777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      7054130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS        83760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX        13846      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE           43      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data       634163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock        42260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data        42260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       634168      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
