
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.039426                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3039426397000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3039426397000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150261                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   421573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              252292310                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1276212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12047.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1810234494                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5078786234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    126107200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          126107200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103525376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       103525376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1970425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1970425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1617584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1617584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41490460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              41490460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     34060827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             34060827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     75551287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             75551287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1970425                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1617584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1970425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1617584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              126094400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   12800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               103523712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               126107200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            103525376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            122371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            123349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            122793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            122093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            124237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            123159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            125674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            125577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            121476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            124953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           124080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           123254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           123177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           122758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           121060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           120214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            100405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            101346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            100501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             99939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            102153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            101199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            103653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            103259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             99341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            103055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           102119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           101352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           101242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           100856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            98918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            98220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3039426316500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1970425                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1617584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1682353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  111267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   70095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   45412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   25506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   16101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   11323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    8168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  77691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  84206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  89412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  93553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  97063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 100292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 103269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 106368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 107585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 108275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 106772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 105002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 105198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 107228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 109403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 105808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       648764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    353.930169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   234.023897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   307.591177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       165123     25.45%     25.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111522     17.19%     42.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       140705     21.69%     64.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        57340      8.84%     73.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45512      7.02%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        31201      4.81%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        20185      3.11%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        14468      2.23%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        62708      9.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       648764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       100559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.592617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.241282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    970.710274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       100558    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        100559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       100559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.085661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.080291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            96481     95.94%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              102      0.10%     96.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3696      3.68%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              150      0.15%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               54      0.05%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               36      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               13      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               21      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        100559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  41659261497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             78600980247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 9851125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21144.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39894.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        41.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        34.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     41.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     34.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      22.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1512803                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1426209                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     847106.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2496924360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1362409125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7716165600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5264656560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         198520464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         546771503070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1344031036500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2106163159695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            692.947835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2232350231007                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  101493080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  705581972243                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2407708800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1313730000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7651503600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             5217048000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         198520464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         545587807725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1345069383000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2105767645605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            692.817700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2234092284759                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  101493080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  703839949741                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 272                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6078852794                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1680013526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4819812634                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4545912636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    370695341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4545912636                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9573361015                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4535392136                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868429                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388808                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3847768557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1443575659                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    728866824                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  442633597                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 286233227                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6078852793.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        611948305                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599445      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3497660535     72.57%     74.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.45%     82.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91387992      1.90%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               442633597      9.18%     94.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              286233227      5.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4819812634                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6078459998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5988223152.192815                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              90236845.807185                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.014845                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.985155                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6074844860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5988275176.134214                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              86569683.865786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.014251                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.985749                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6074897521                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5988275325.388696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              86622195.611304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.014259                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.985741                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6074896899                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5988275950.451521                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              86620948.548479                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.014259                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.985741                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6078464673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5988226006.902617                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              90238666.097383                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.014846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.985154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6074896460                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5988277556.383445                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              86618903.616555                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.014258                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.985742                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6074896079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5988278535.933314                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              86617543.066685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.014258                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.985742                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6074893589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5988279663.102134                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              86613925.897866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.014258                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.985742                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               36045326                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.557887                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.844747                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    36045322    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 36045326                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3173306817                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000279                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000193                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016696                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3172422019     99.97%     99.97% |      884798      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3173306817                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3173306817                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.136737                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.007131                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              5.010517                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3173070103     99.99%     99.99% |      196174      0.01%    100.00% |       37566      0.00%    100.00% |        2149      0.00%    100.00% |         812      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3173306817                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3173306817                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.136737                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.007131                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          5.010517                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3173070103     99.99%     99.99% |      196174      0.01%    100.00% |       37566      0.00%    100.00% |        2149      0.00%    100.00% |         812      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3173306817                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    726573837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2293049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    728866886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2191247302                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         8141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2191255443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     10344333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       450946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     20852047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          735                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     10337630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       457649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     20852059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     10343719                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       451560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     20852033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          749                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     10344190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       451089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     20852077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits     10344231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       451048                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     20852005                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          777                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits     10343740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       451539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     20852080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits     10344112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       451167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     20852059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits     10342469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       452810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     20851994                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2300863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2301190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         41578                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       410103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       451681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         46556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       411816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       458372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         41297                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       411012                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       452309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         38670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       413124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       451794                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         39299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       412526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       451825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         39404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       412837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       452241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         38153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       413737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       451890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits         39223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       414375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       453598                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3402766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2197627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5600393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          4152                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.198760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2300863                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2308186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2296010                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2300849                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2294783                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          997                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18406904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    166189392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18368080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18406792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    165224376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.029385                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       410103                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       260286                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274490                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       249642                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        21065                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3280824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       261696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29839464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2082288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2195920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17974224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1516680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.034300                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       411816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82292                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       529307                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       284215                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       346571                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       265862                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6398                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3294528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       658336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38110104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2273720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2772568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19142064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       460656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.031278                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       411012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43927                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       454464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       284614                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       331158                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       266481                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5023                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          954                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3288096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       351416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32721408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2276912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2649264                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19186632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       361656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.029615                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       413124                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41660                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267781                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       286778                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       249642                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        24026                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3304992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       333280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29820384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2142248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2294224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17974224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1729872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.029441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       412526                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21837                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413099                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271551                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       276615                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       260961                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3300208                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174696                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29743128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2172408                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2212920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18789192                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       868536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.029871                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       412837                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23460                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       419646                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       288626                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       300008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       270524                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2881                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          927                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3302696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30214512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2309008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2400064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19477728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       207432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.029642                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       413737                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413941                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       289835                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       290079                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       271658                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1022                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      3309896                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158336                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29803752                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2318680                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2320632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19559376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       182592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.031737                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       414375                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29188                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       453029                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       310157                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       335582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       276635                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3711                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      3315000                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       233504                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32618088                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2481256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2684656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19917720                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       267192                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       218944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.578939                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      7570818                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       206937                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9071091                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6220685                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4742130                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4406188                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        77716                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35766                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     60566544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1655496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    653118552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     49765480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37937040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    317245536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5595552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       286128                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.147768                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      1970425                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3588009                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1667906                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     15763400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    258336648                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13343248                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.058773                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      7570818                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       298604                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9298293                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6220833                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4742130                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4406188                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        77716                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35766                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     60566544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2388832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    669477096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     49766664                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37937040                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    317245536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5595552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       286128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        22712454                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       804145                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     27777674                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     32888889                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     13451712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       107298                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        181699632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      6433160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1999992528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    263111112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    968523264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       858384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.189237                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2300791                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2295985                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165656952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18367880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.208283                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2300863                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7395                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2300849                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2294783                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          997                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18406904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       532440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18406792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    165224376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032691                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       410102                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       261696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29527344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2006464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026079                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       410103                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4335                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274490                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       249642                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        21065                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3280824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       312120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        75824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2195920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17974224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1516680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033359                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82292                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411815                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       658336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29650680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2136552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035241                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       411816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       117492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17146                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       346571                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       265862                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6398                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3294528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8459424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       137168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2772568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19142064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       460656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032987                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43927                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411011                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267438                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       351416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29592792                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2139504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.029569                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       411012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43453                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       331158                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       266481                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5023                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          954                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3288096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3128616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       137408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2649264                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19186632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       361656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032987                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41660                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413123                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250673                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       333280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29744856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2005384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026243                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       413124                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1049                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17108                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       286778                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       249642                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        24026                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1029                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3304992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        75528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2294224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     17974224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1729872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8232                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032873                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21837                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412525                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262065                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174696                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29701800                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2096520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026009                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412526                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9486                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       276615                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       260961                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3300208                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        75888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2212920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18789192                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       868536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032987                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23460                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412836                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271454                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29724192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2171632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026756                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412837                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6810                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17172                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       300008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       270524                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2881                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          927                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3302696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       490320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       137376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2400064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19477728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       207432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7416                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033033                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272683                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158336                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29788992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2181464                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026252                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       413737                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       290079                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       271658                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1022                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3309896                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       137216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2320632                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19559376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       182592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033415                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29188                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414372                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       304009                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       233504                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29834784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2432072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030059                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       414375                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38657                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6148                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       335582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       276635                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3711                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3315000                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2783304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        49184                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2684656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     19917720                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       267192                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       218944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.585723                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      5600393                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2080398                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1753488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4742130                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4406188                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        77716                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35766                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     44803144                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    149788656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14027904                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37937040                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    317245536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5595552                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       286128                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.572154                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1970425                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       206937                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6990693                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4467197                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     15763400                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1655496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    503329896                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     35737576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136159                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1970425                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1617584                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25161                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     15763400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    116466048                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       201288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1970425                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1642745                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    141870600                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13141960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.189237                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2300791                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2295985                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29888                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165656952                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18367880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.032691                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       410102                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250808                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       261696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29527344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2006464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.033359                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411815                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267069                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       658336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29650680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2136552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.032987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43927                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411011                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267438                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       351416                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29592792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2139504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.032987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41660                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413123                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250673                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       333280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29744856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2005384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.032873                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21837                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412525                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262065                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29701800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2096520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.032987                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412836                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271454                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29724192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2171632                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.033033                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272683                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29788992                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2181464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.033415                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29188                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414372                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       304009                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       233504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29834784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2432072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.585723                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      5600393                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2080398                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1753488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4742130                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4406188                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        77716                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35766                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     44803144                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    149788656                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14027904                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37937040                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    317245536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5595552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       286128                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.136159                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      1970425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1617584                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     15763400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    116466048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       201288                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14784477                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.910988                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        4.507354                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    14784473    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14784477                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      19878997                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.637336                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.044936                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    19042553     95.79%     95.79% |      527434      2.65%     98.45% |      139326      0.70%     99.15% |      157551      0.79%     99.94% |       12001      0.06%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        19878997                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1381852                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.323844                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        1.241630                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1292751     93.55%     93.55% |         216      0.02%     93.57% |       88585      6.41%     99.98% |          44      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         256      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1381852                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        445697285                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.438080                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.028791                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           8.649878                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   445350966     99.92%     99.92% |      218664      0.05%     99.97% |       77794      0.02%     99.99% |       37222      0.01%    100.00% |        7048      0.00%    100.00% |        3473      0.00%    100.00% |         966      0.00%    100.00% |         960      0.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          445697285                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    445697285                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.438080                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.028791                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       8.649878                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   445350966     99.92%     99.92% |      218664      0.05%     99.97% |       77794      0.02%     99.99% |       37222      0.01%    100.00% |        7048      0.00%    100.00% |        3473      0.00%    100.00% |         966      0.00%    100.00% |         960      0.00%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      445697285                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        260817381                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.913006                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.038480                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          13.284545                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   260708399     99.96%     99.96% |       81101      0.03%     99.99% |       27027      0.01%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |         620      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          260817381                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    260817381                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.913006                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.038480                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      13.284545                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   260708399     99.96%     99.96% |       81101      0.03%     99.99% |       27027      0.01%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |         620      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      260817381                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2358077699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000020                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.138331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2358077290    100.00%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2358077699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2358077699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.138331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2358077290    100.00%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2358077699                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      4.643312                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.254017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    28.460913                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         933     99.04%     99.04% |           8      0.85%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     4.643312                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.254017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    28.460913                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         933     99.04%     99.04% |           8      0.85%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000308                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.145994                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000308                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.145994                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1970425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data         1617584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1970425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack      1617584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement        25161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1970425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data       1617584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement        25161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1970425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack      1617584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   388276013     87.12%     87.12% |     7177659      1.61%     88.73% |     7177659      1.61%     90.34% |     7177659      1.61%     91.95% |     7177659      1.61%     93.56% |     7177659      1.61%     95.17% |     7177659      1.61%     96.78% |     7177659      1.61%     98.39% |     7177659      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    445697285                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071605839872    100.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071772661760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   340590873     92.17%     92.17% |     3617620      0.98%     93.15% |     3617620      0.98%     94.13% |     3617620      0.98%     95.11% |     3617620      0.98%     96.08% |     3617620      0.98%     97.06% |     3617620      0.98%     98.04% |     3617620      0.98%     99.02% |     3617620      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    369531833                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11504      1.06%      1.06% |      137483     12.69%     13.75% |      145555     13.44%     27.19% |      131892     12.18%     39.37% |      138633     12.80%     52.16% |      138713     12.81%     64.97% |      138436     12.78%     77.75% |      138967     12.83%     90.58% |      102065      9.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1083248                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2288683     39.88%     39.88% |      440235      7.67%     47.55% |      388247      6.76%     54.31% |      427111      7.44%     61.75% |      440818      7.68%     69.43% |      440884      7.68%     77.12% |      439028      7.65%     84.77% |      441002      7.68%     92.45% |      433312      7.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      5739320                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          94      0.01%      0.01% |      135984     13.91%     13.92% |       86088      8.80%     22.72% |      117194     11.98%     34.70% |      137858     14.10%     48.80% |      138086     14.12%     62.92% |      135381     13.84%     76.77% |      138259     14.14%     90.91% |       88937      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       977881                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2301096     46.51%     46.51% |      315697      6.38%     52.90% |      372284      7.53%     60.42% |      335115      6.77%     67.20% |      313936      6.35%     73.54% |      313739      6.34%     79.88% |      316860      6.41%     86.29% |      313631      6.34%     92.63% |      364661      7.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4947019                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        3784      0.10%      0.10% |      450933     12.45%     12.56% |      457635     12.64%     25.19% |      451544     12.47%     37.66% |      451073     12.46%     50.12% |      451034     12.45%     62.57% |      451525     12.47%     75.04% |      451151     12.46%     87.50% |      452792     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3621471                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        8141     57.97%     57.97% |         735      5.23%     63.21% |         723      5.15%     68.35% |         749      5.33%     73.69% |         705      5.02%     78.71% |         777      5.53%     84.24% |         702      5.00%     89.24% |         723      5.15%     94.39% |         788      5.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        14043                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2289193    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2289304                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      126555     14.02%     14.02% |       75944      8.41%     22.43% |      107209     11.88%     34.31% |      128173     14.20%     48.50% |      128290     14.21%     62.71% |      125741     13.93%     76.64% |      128594     14.24%     90.88% |       82297      9.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       902811                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     5013701     16.49%     16.49% |     3428121     11.27%     27.76% |     2999363      9.86%     37.62% |     3292611     10.83%     48.45% |     3439160     11.31%     59.76% |     3440801     11.31%     71.07% |     3420447     11.25%     82.32% |     3442033     11.32%     93.64% |     1935095      6.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     30411332                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         203      0.00%      0.00% |    20852037     12.50%     12.50% |    20852017     12.50%     25.00% |    20852033     12.50%     37.50% |    20852077     12.50%     50.00% |    20852005     12.50%     62.50% |    20852075     12.50%     75.00% |    20852059     12.50%     87.50% |    20851989     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    166816495                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          72     87.80%     87.80% |           1      1.22%     89.02% |           1      1.22%     90.24% |           1      1.22%     91.46% |           1      1.22%     92.68% |           1      1.22%     93.90% |           1      1.22%     95.12% |           1      1.22%     96.34% |           3      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           82                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           4      0.01%      0.01% |        5512     12.59%     12.60% |        6506     14.86%     27.46% |        6070     13.87%     41.33% |        5769     13.18%     54.51% |        5751     13.14%     67.65% |        5722     13.07%     80.72% |        5750     13.14%     93.85% |        2691      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        43775                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          13      0.00%      0.00% |      130072     13.98%     13.98% |       79178      8.51%     22.49% |      110711     11.90%     34.38% |      131667     14.15%     48.53% |      131854     14.17%     62.70% |      129236     13.89%     76.59% |      132086     14.19%     90.78% |       85813      9.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       930630                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    54276631     92.38%     92.38% |      307723      0.52%     92.90% |      729726      1.24%     94.14% |      442626      0.75%     94.90% |      296517      0.50%     95.40% |      294774      0.50%     95.90% |      314747      0.54%     96.44% |      293749      0.50%     96.94% |     1798970      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     58755463                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071605831680    100.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071605831680                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2148      0.09%      0.09% |      311616     12.49%     12.58% |      311589     12.49%     25.06% |      311627     12.49%     37.55% |      311605     12.49%     50.04% |      311536     12.49%     62.53% |      311585     12.49%     75.02% |      311703     12.49%     87.51% |      311662     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2495071                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7778      7.89%      7.89% |        1130      1.15%      9.04% |       58926     59.81%     68.85% |       14214     14.43%     83.28% |         532      0.54%     83.82% |         301      0.31%     84.12% |        2719      2.76%     86.88% |         104      0.11%     86.99% |       12820     13.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        98524                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |        1355      2.14%      2.14% |        2904      4.59%      6.73% |        1722      2.72%      9.46% |        9225     14.58%     24.04% |        1750      2.77%     26.81% |        1854      2.93%     29.74% |        2509      3.97%     33.70% |        1775      2.81%     36.51% |       40159     63.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total        63253                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   328981897     93.22%     93.22% |     2990882      0.85%     94.07% |     2990935      0.85%     94.92% |     2990878      0.85%     95.76% |     2990909      0.85%     96.61% |     2991050      0.85%     97.46% |     2990940      0.85%     98.31% |     2990726      0.85%     99.15% |     2990802      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    352909019                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   338299460     92.75%     92.75% |     3305991      0.91%     93.66% |     3306017      0.91%     94.56% |     3305977      0.91%     95.47% |     3305999      0.91%     96.37% |     3306070      0.91%     97.28% |     3306021      0.91%     98.19% |     3305901      0.91%     99.09% |     3305940      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    364747376                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3714      9.74%      9.74% |        4286     11.24%     20.98% |        4179     10.96%     31.93% |        4399     11.53%     43.47% |        4159     10.91%     54.37% |        4371     11.46%     65.83% |        4254     11.15%     76.99% |        4519     11.85%     88.84% |        4257     11.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        38138                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2287315     48.20%     48.20% |      307259      6.47%     54.68% |      307347      6.48%     61.15% |      307175      6.47%     67.62% |      307401      6.48%     74.10% |      307176      6.47%     80.58% |      307283      6.48%     87.05% |      307141      6.47%     93.52% |      307340      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      4745437                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          94      0.01%      0.01% |      135984     13.91%     13.92% |       86088      8.80%     22.72% |      117194     11.98%     34.70% |      137858     14.10%     48.80% |      138086     14.12%     62.92% |      135381     13.84%     76.77% |      138259     14.14%     90.91% |       88937      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       977881                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11831      0.45%      0.45% |      315684     11.88%     12.32% |      372270     14.01%     26.33% |      335099     12.61%     38.94% |      313920     11.81%     50.75% |      313725     11.80%     62.56% |      316846     11.92%     74.48% |      313615     11.80%     86.28% |      364643     13.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2657633                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2289193    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2289304                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          72     87.80%     87.80% |           1      1.22%     89.02% |           1      1.22%     90.24% |           1      1.22%     91.46% |           1      1.22%     92.68% |           1      1.22%     93.90% |           1      1.22%     95.12% |           1      1.22%     96.34% |           3      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       11925      0.33%      0.33% |      451668     12.42%     12.75% |      458358     12.61%     25.36% |      452293     12.44%     37.80% |      451778     12.43%     50.23% |      451811     12.43%     62.66% |      452227     12.44%     75.09% |      451874     12.43%     87.52% |      453580     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3635514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2289265     99.99%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2289386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2288670     47.59%     47.59% |      310163      6.45%     54.04% |      309069      6.43%     60.47% |      316400      6.58%     67.05% |      309151      6.43%     73.48% |      309030      6.43%     79.91% |      309792      6.44%     86.35% |      308916      6.42%     92.77% |      347499      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      4808690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        3714      9.74%      9.74% |        4286     11.24%     20.98% |        4179     10.96%     31.93% |        4399     11.53%     43.47% |        4159     10.91%     54.37% |        4371     11.46%     65.83% |        4254     11.15%     76.99% |        4519     11.85%     88.84% |        4257     11.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        38138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          38      0.02%      0.02% |       30543     16.19%     16.21% |       23544     12.48%     28.70% |       22199     11.77%     40.47% |       41134     21.81%     62.28% |       21549     11.43%     73.70% |       20053     10.63%     84.33% |       19688     10.44%     94.77% |        9859      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       188607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22284      1.12%      1.12% |      272388     13.70%     14.82% |      173176      8.71%     23.53% |      235134     11.83%     35.36% |      276060     13.88%     49.24% |      276474     13.91%     63.15% |      271296     13.65%     76.79% |      277002     13.93%     90.73% |      184400      9.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1988214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |         724      0.41%      0.41% |        2578      1.45%      1.85% |      117934     66.15%     68.00% |       28650     16.07%     84.07% |        1206      0.68%     84.75% |         952      0.53%     85.28% |        5576      3.13%     88.41% |         932      0.52%     88.93% |       19730     11.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       178282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2296656     41.87%     41.87% |      384902      7.02%     48.88% |      401374      7.32%     56.20% |      401857      7.33%     63.53% |      384942      7.02%     70.54% |      396319      7.22%     77.77% |      405822      7.40%     85.17% |      407091      7.42%     92.59% |      406537      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5485500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           3     12.50%     16.67% |           4     16.67%     33.33% |           3     12.50%     45.83% |           3     12.50%     58.33% |           2      8.33%     66.67% |           4     16.67%     83.33% |           3     12.50%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3697      3.36%      3.36% |        2166      1.97%      5.33% |       58744     53.42%     58.75% |       21725     19.75%     78.50% |         523      0.48%     78.98% |         286      0.26%     79.24% |        3403      3.09%     82.33% |         101      0.09%     82.42% |       19328     17.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       109973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       11573      0.49%      0.49% |      274194     11.70%     12.20% |      332301     14.18%     26.38% |      294362     12.56%     38.95% |      275375     11.75%     50.70% |      274449     11.71%     62.41% |      277918     11.86%     74.28% |      275473     11.76%     86.03% |      327181     13.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2342826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          66      0.06%      0.06% |         283      0.26%      0.32% |       14256     12.96%     13.28% |       36780     33.44%     46.73% |       11387     10.35%     57.08% |        2152      1.96%     59.04% |       22076     20.07%     79.11% |       14590     13.27%     92.38% |        8383      7.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       109973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2289152     72.73%     72.73% |      135624      4.31%     77.04% |       65257      2.07%     79.11% |       79868      2.54%     81.65% |      126361      4.01%     85.66% |      135924      4.32%     89.98% |      112841      3.59%     93.57% |      123672      3.93%     97.50% |       78808      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3147507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        7790      0.75%      0.75% |      133197     12.74%     13.49% |      141376     13.53%     27.02% |      127493     12.20%     39.22% |      134474     12.87%     52.08% |      134342     12.85%     64.94% |      134182     12.84%     77.78% |      134448     12.86%     90.64% |       97808      9.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1045110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         133     93.01%     93.01% |           1      0.70%     93.71% |           1      0.70%     94.41% |           1      0.70%     95.10% |           1      0.70%     95.80% |           1      0.70%     96.50% |           1      0.70%     97.20% |           1      0.70%     97.90% |           3      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          72     82.76%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           2      2.30%     87.36% |           2      2.30%     89.66% |           1      1.15%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           2      2.30%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           3      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2295780     51.68%     51.68% |      250805      5.65%     57.33% |      267066      6.01%     63.34% |      267435      6.02%     69.36% |      250671      5.64%     75.01% |      262063      5.90%     80.91% |      271451      6.11%     87.02% |      272680      6.14%     93.16% |      304003      6.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4441954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       11653      0.35%      0.35% |      410090     12.39%     12.74% |      411802     12.44%     25.17% |      410996     12.41%     37.59% |      413108     12.48%     50.06% |      412512     12.46%     62.52% |      412823     12.47%     74.99% |      413721     12.50%     87.49% |      414357     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3311062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2289138    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2289249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9427      8.53%      8.53% |       17123     15.50%     24.03% |       17124     15.50%     39.53% |       17034     15.42%     54.95% |        9428      8.53%     63.48% |       17123     15.50%     78.98% |       17123     15.50%     94.47% |        6105      5.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       110487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          72     87.80%     87.80% |           1      1.22%     89.02% |           1      1.22%     90.24% |           1      1.22%     91.46% |           1      1.22%     92.68% |           1      1.22%     93.90% |           1      1.22%     95.12% |           1      1.22%     96.34% |           3      3.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      132027     13.95%     13.95% |       82437      8.71%     22.66% |      113267     11.97%     34.63% |      133880     14.15%     48.78% |      133999     14.16%     62.94% |      131449     13.89%     76.83% |      134329     14.19%     91.02% |       84974      8.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       946370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           4      1.85%      1.85% |          40     18.52%     20.37% |          13      6.02%     26.39% |          12      5.56%     31.94% |          62     28.70%     60.65% |          42     19.44%     80.09% |          14      6.48%     86.57% |          15      6.94%     93.52% |          14      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          12      0.12%      0.12% |          88      0.91%      1.04% |        6587     68.31%     69.35% |         560      5.81%     75.15% |         125      1.30%     76.45% |          23      0.24%     76.69% |         476      4.94%     81.62% |          11      0.11%     81.74% |        1761     18.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         9643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          20      6.85%      6.85% |          48     16.44%     23.29% |          20      6.85%     30.14% |          23      7.88%     38.01% |          70     23.97%     61.99% |          47     16.10%     78.08% |          20      6.85%     84.93% |          24      8.22%     93.15% |          20      6.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total          292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         876      0.08%      0.08% |      134095     12.85%     12.93% |      134306     12.87%     25.80% |      134420     12.88%     38.69% |      134269     12.87%     51.55% |      134254     12.87%     64.42% |      134369     12.88%     77.29% |      134409     12.88%     90.17% |      102534      9.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      1043532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        1506      0.07%      0.07% |      268821     12.18%     12.24% |      269305     12.20%     24.44% |      275767     12.49%     36.93% |      270650     12.26%     49.19% |      269926     12.23%     61.41% |      270973     12.27%     73.69% |      270823     12.27%     85.95% |      310129     14.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2207900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        9390     20.63%     20.63% |        4104      9.02%     29.65% |        4122      9.06%     38.71% |        4250      9.34%     48.04% |        4106      9.02%     57.07% |        4128      9.07%     66.13% |        4133      9.08%     75.22% |        4126      9.07%     84.28% |        7154     15.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        45513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          17      0.02%      0.02% |        1156      1.31%      1.33% |       58944     66.77%     68.10% |       14262     16.16%     84.26% |         530      0.60%     84.86% |         358      0.41%     85.26% |        2738      3.10%     88.37% |         433      0.49%     88.86% |        9837     11.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        88275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      1.96%      1.96% |         180     70.59%     72.55% |          19      7.45%     80.00% |           5      1.96%     81.96% |           0      0.00%     81.96% |          21      8.24%     90.20% |           1      0.39%     90.59% |          24      9.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total          255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           5      4.46%      4.46% |           3      2.68%      7.14% |           3      2.68%      9.82% |          29     25.89%     35.71% |           4      3.57%     39.29% |          11      9.82%     49.11% |          29     25.89%     75.00% |           5      4.46%     79.46% |          23     20.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        7714     71.23%     71.23% |           0      0.00%     71.23% |          15      0.14%     71.37% |           4      0.04%     71.41% |           0      0.00%     71.41% |           0      0.00%     71.41% |           0      0.00%     71.41% |           0      0.00%     71.41% |        3096     28.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        10829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        1117      1.28%      1.29% |       58721     67.32%     68.60% |       14159     16.23%     84.83% |         517      0.59%     85.43% |         281      0.32%     85.75% |        2665      3.06%     88.80% |          94      0.11%     88.91% |        9674     11.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total        87233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2287164     87.94%     87.94% |       41342      1.59%     89.53% |       39764      1.53%     91.06% |       40633      1.56%     92.62% |       38501      1.48%     94.10% |       39104      1.50%     95.61% |       38819      1.49%     97.10% |       38093      1.46%     98.56% |       37370      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2600790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1744     78.42%     78.42% |          63      2.83%     81.25% |          29      1.30%     82.55% |          50      2.25%     84.80% |          44      1.98%     86.78% |         110      4.95%     91.73% |          66      2.97%     94.69% |          46      2.07%     96.76% |          72      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         341     52.46%     52.46% |          93     14.31%     66.77% |          10      1.54%     68.31% |          51      7.85%     76.15% |          11      1.69%     77.85% |          76     11.69%     89.54% |          36      5.54%     95.08% |          18      2.77%     97.85% |          14      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         258      0.08%      0.08% |       41485     13.19%     13.27% |       39789     12.65%     25.92% |       40718     12.94%     38.86% |       38540     12.25%     51.12% |       39276     12.49%     63.60% |       38907     12.37%     75.97% |       38141     12.13%     88.10% |       37438     11.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       314552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           55                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          13      0.02%      0.02% |       21065     27.13%     27.14% |        6334      8.16%     35.30% |        5022      6.47%     41.77% |       24026     30.94%     72.71% |       12063     15.53%     88.24% |        2881      3.71%     91.96% |        2536      3.27%     95.22% |        3711      4.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        77651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2288066     51.64%     51.64% |      250805      5.66%     57.30% |      267051      6.03%     63.32% |      267431      6.04%     69.36% |      250671      5.66%     75.02% |      262063      5.91%     80.93% |      271451      6.13%     87.06% |      272680      6.15%     93.21% |      300907      6.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4431125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           4     17.39%     30.43% |           3     13.04%     43.48% |           3     13.04%     56.52% |           2      8.70%     65.22% |           4     17.39%     82.61% |           3     13.04%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3692     16.24%     16.24% |        1049      4.61%     20.85% |          23      0.10%     20.95% |        7566     33.27%     54.22% |           6      0.03%     54.25% |           5      0.02%     54.27% |         738      3.25%     57.52% |           7      0.03%     57.55% |        9654     42.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        22740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11573      0.49%      0.49% |      274194     11.70%     12.20% |      332301     14.18%     26.38% |      294362     12.56%     38.95% |      275375     11.75%     50.70% |      274449     11.71%     62.41% |      277918     11.86%     74.28% |      275473     11.76%     86.03% |      327181     13.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2342826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          66      0.06%      0.06% |         283      0.26%      0.32% |       14256     12.96%     13.28% |       36780     33.44%     46.73% |       11387     10.35%     57.08% |        2152      1.96%     59.04% |       22076     20.07%     79.11% |       14590     13.27%     92.38% |        8383      7.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       109973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          14      0.00%      0.00% |      135613     15.80%     15.80% |       65245      7.60%     23.40% |       79854      9.30%     32.71% |      126346     14.72%     47.43% |      135911     15.84%     63.27% |      112829     13.15%     76.41% |      123658     14.41%     90.82% |       78793      9.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       858263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2289138    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2289244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         133     93.01%     93.01% |           1      0.70%     93.71% |           1      0.70%     94.41% |           1      0.70%     95.10% |           1      0.70%     95.80% |           1      0.70%     96.50% |           1      0.70%     97.20% |           1      0.70%     97.90% |           3      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          72     82.76%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           2      2.30%     87.36% |           2      2.30%     89.66% |           1      1.15%     90.80% |           1      1.15%     91.95% |           2      2.30%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           3      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     98.46%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2295780     51.68%     51.68% |      250805      5.65%     57.33% |      267002      6.01%     63.34% |      267434      6.02%     69.36% |      250671      5.64%     75.01% |      262063      5.90%     80.91% |      271451      6.11%     87.02% |      272680      6.14%     93.16% |      304003      6.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4441889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     98.46%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      132027     13.95%     13.95% |       82437      8.71%     22.66% |      113267     11.97%     34.63% |      133880     14.15%     48.78% |      133999     14.16%     62.94% |      131449     13.89%     76.83% |      134329     14.19%     91.02% |       84974      8.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       946370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           4      1.85%      1.85% |          40     18.52%     20.37% |          13      6.02%     26.39% |          12      5.56%     31.94% |          62     28.70%     60.65% |          42     19.44%     80.09% |          14      6.48%     86.57% |          15      6.94%     93.52% |          14      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          12      0.00%      0.00% |      132067     13.95%     13.95% |       82450      8.71%     22.66% |      113279     11.97%     34.63% |      133942     14.15%     48.78% |      134041     14.16%     62.94% |      131463     13.89%     76.83% |      134344     14.19%     91.02% |       84988      8.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       946586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1682      4.76%      4.76% |        4135     11.69%     16.45% |        4147     11.73%     28.18% |        4301     12.16%     40.34% |        4110     11.62%     51.97% |        4194     11.86%     63.83% |        4156     11.75%     75.58% |        4459     12.61%     88.20% |        4174     11.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        35358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        9390     20.63%     20.63% |        4104      9.02%     29.65% |        4122      9.06%     38.71% |        4250      9.34%     48.04% |        4106      9.02%     57.07% |        4128      9.07%     66.13% |        4133      9.08%     75.22% |        4126      9.07%     84.28% |        7154     15.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        45513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          17      0.02%      0.02% |        1156      1.31%      1.33% |       58944     66.77%     68.10% |       14262     16.16%     84.26% |         530      0.60%     84.86% |         358      0.41%     85.26% |        2738      3.10%     88.37% |         433      0.49%     88.86% |        9837     11.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        88275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        7725      7.85%      7.85% |        1125      1.14%      8.99% |       58919     59.86%     68.85% |       14211     14.44%     83.29% |         526      0.53%     83.82% |         292      0.30%     84.12% |        2715      2.76%     86.88% |         100      0.10%     86.98% |       12817     13.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        98430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        2032     73.09%     73.09% |         151      5.43%     78.53% |          32      1.15%     79.68% |          98      3.53%     83.20% |          49      1.76%     84.96% |         177      6.37%     91.33% |          98      3.53%     94.86% |          60      2.16%     97.01% |          83      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1744     78.42%     78.42% |          63      2.83%     81.25% |          29      1.30%     82.55% |          50      2.25%     84.80% |          44      1.98%     86.78% |         110      4.95%     91.73% |          66      2.97%     94.69% |          46      2.07%     96.76% |          72      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         341     52.46%     52.46% |          93     14.31%     66.77% |          10      1.54%     68.31% |          51      7.85%     76.15% |          11      1.69%     77.85% |          76     11.69%     89.54% |          36      5.54%     95.08% |          18      2.77%     97.85% |          14      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          53     56.38%     56.38% |           5      5.32%     61.70% |           7      7.45%     69.15% |           3      3.19%     72.34% |           6      6.38%     78.72% |           9      9.57%     88.30% |           4      4.26%     92.55% |           4      4.26%     96.81% |           3      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3469635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2289261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        4441889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old          130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1552433      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        90312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1970425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1642745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         164732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        22957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              91606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          19137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         109973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      4632157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       518330      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1452095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       708745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         5498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        13527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1856809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       837125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1538302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         7590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       109973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      4441889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         8633      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        69195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1642745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         8616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        65151      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         3947      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           97      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          66400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        13527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack          25206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         5498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        32313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       486017      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        84892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        32313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1452095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS         6001      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      4632070      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS       151518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        90735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        18809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data          230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS         1054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       109544      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
