
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.031840                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3031840252500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3031840252500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 140401                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   394180                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              235472295                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1270012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12875.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1807738097                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5075291288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    111206336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          111206336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41822848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        41822848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1737599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1737599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       653482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             653482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     36679484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              36679484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13794542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13794542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50474026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             50474026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1737599                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     653482                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1737599                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   653482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              111186112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   20224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                41820864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               111206336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             41822848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            108606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            107703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            108296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            108372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            108410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            107997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            109050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            109105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            108429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            108733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           108900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           108810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           108838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           108869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           108241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           108924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             41785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             40915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             41373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             40758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             40538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             40183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             40164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             40250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             40332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             41279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            41165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            41216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            40696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            40975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            40638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            41184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3031840158000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1737599                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               653482                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1537924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   76708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   56440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   32475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   15346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    9311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    5403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    3676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  36584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  38229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  38856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  39552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  40457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  41186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  41632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  41812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  41822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  41806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  41859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  41887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  42105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  42069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  41605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       664480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    230.261305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   149.944033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.174418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       290235     43.68%     43.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       135641     20.41%     64.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       103356     15.55%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        38663      5.82%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        32524      4.89%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24589      3.70%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        17068      2.57%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10931      1.65%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11473      1.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       664480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        40582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      42.784313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1668.822476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383        40581    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::327680-344063            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         40582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        40582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.101991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.096005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.457796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            38574     95.05%     95.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               46      0.11%     95.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1841      4.54%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               97      0.24%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               10      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               10      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         40582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  32211364632                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             64785420882                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 8686415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18541.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37291.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        36.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     36.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      21.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1360233                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  366009                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                56.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1267978.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2509534440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1369289625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              6766515600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2112259680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         198024618480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         550152216675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1336510525500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2097444960000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            691.807402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2219923358252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  101239580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  710670723498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2513866320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1371653250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              6783675600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2122102800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         198024618480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         552375195300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1334560541250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2097751653000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            691.908561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2216662115251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  101239580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  713932521249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 272                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6063680505                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1677517129                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4816317688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4542417690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    370196065                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4542417690                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9565372541                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4532895749                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868429                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388808                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3844772900                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1442577093                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    727368983                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  441635040                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 285733943                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6063680504.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        611449030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599445      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3495663430     72.58%     74.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.46%     83.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91387992      1.90%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               441635040      9.17%     94.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              285733943      5.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4816317688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6063257084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5982056008.589295                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              81201075.410705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013392                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986608                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6063311296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5982056017.821198                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              81255278.178801                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.013401                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.986599                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6063311417                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5982057333.126862                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              81254083.873138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.013401                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.986599                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6063310704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5982057953.600988                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              81252750.399012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.013401                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.986599                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6063310175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5982058914.599399                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              81251260.400602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.013400                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.986600                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6063311783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5982059850.091014                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              81251932.908986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.013401                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.986599                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6063311206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5982060640.740324                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              81250565.259676                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.013400                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.986600                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6063311681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5982061578.346625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              81250102.653375                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.013400                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.986600                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               34406389                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.755132                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 4.265005                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    34406386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 34406389                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3168813305                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000279                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000194                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016708                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3167928507     99.97%     99.97% |      884798      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3168813305                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3168813305                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.119048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.006864                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.805603                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3168701184    100.00%    100.00% |       50903      0.00%    100.00% |       44871      0.00%    100.00% |       10568      0.00%    100.00% |        3485      0.00%    100.00% |        1602      0.00%    100.00% |         539      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3168813305                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3168813305                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.119048                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.006864                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          4.805603                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3168701184    100.00%    100.00% |       50903      0.00%    100.00% |       44871      0.00%    100.00% |       10568      0.00%    100.00% |        3485      0.00%    100.00% |        1602      0.00%    100.00% |         539      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3168813305                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    725077303                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2291742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    727369045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2188252697                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         7075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2188259772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits    129169239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses      1359500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses    130528739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     10326598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       468681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     20852502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits      6718784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses       308627                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses      7027411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     10352730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       442549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     20852501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits      6741074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses       308757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses      7049831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     10343559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       451720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     20852503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits      6718751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses       308632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses      7027383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     10353491                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       441788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     20852500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          282                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits      6717291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses       308524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses      7025815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits     10353522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       441757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     20852502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits      6718607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses       308612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses      7027219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits     10350019                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       445260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     20852497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits      6740968                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses       308751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses      7049719                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits     10353515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       441764                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     20852502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits      6717996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses       308571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses      7026567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits     10353311                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       441968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     20852502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits      6718190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses       308585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses      7026775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           232                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2298585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2298817                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_hits           78                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_misses       530780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_accesses       530858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         71468                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       397493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       468961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_hits        44537                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_misses       263173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_accesses       307710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         47024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       395806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       442830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_hits        46162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_misses       261552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_accesses       307714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         56893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       395106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       451999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_hits        46932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_misses       260786                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_accesses       307718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         46545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       395525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       442070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_hits        46506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_misses       261202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_accesses       307708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         46035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       396002                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       442037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_hits        46022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_misses       261686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_accesses       307708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         50796                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       394749                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       445545                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_hits        47225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_misses       260492                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_accesses       307717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         47594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       394450                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       442044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_hits        47582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_misses       260126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_accesses       307708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits         47375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       394873                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       442248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_hits        47157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_misses       260556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_accesses       307713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3573762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1888827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5462589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_hits      1789684                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_misses       806023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_accesses      2595707                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          8176                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.199020                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2298585                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15837                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2305850                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280276                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2298569                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2279584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18388680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    166021200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18242208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18388552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164130048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       873792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.036342                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       397493                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       102800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       594293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256788                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       368285                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3179944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       822400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42789096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2054304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2946280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       308232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.028372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       395806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       255275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       306961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       254101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4074                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1065                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3166448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        47072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28742904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2042200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2455688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18295272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       293328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.029129                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       395106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14355                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       419610                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256689                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       303945                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255517                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1981                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1050                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3160848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30211920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2053512                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2431560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18397224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       142632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.028082                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       395525                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7340                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395637                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       273212                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       250789                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7139                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1058                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3164200                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28485864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2015936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2185696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18056808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       514008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.028124                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       396002                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3348                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       396030                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256328                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       275773                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3168016                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        26784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28514160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2050624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2206184                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       231840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.028732                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       394749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9131                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411703                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257747                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       287208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       256529                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          542                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1106                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3157992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        73048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29642616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2061976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2297664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18470088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        39024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8848                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.027946                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       394450                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3615                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       254532                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       263188                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       253292                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3486                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      3155600                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        28920                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28402560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2036256                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2105504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18237024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       250992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.028015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       394873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1530                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395305                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257202                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       267869                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255951                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1215                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      3158984                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28461960                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2057616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2142952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18428472                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        87480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9208                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.526079                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      7200188                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       163267                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7827152                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5945583                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4645010                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4316534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        38074                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9107                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     57601504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1306136                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    563554944                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     47564664                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37160080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    310790448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2741328                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        72856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.102563                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      1737599                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2391081                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1619068                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     13900792                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    172157832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12952544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.053169                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      7200188                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       163840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7978380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5945740                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4645010                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4316534                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        38074                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9107                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     57601504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1310720                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    574443360                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     47565920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37160080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    310790448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2741328                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        72856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        21600564                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       490947                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     23908728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     31772250                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     13063824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        27321                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        172804512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3927576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1721428416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    254178000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    940595328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       218568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.189511                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15837                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280245                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165492864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18241960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.208530                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2298585                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7338                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2298569                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2279584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18388680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       528336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18388552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164130048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       873792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032463                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       102800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       397492                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       822400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28619424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2053368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       397493                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       196801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       368285                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3179944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14169672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2946280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18410112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       308232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031526                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       255168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        47072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28497960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2041344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025217                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       395806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3402                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       306961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       254101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4074                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1065                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3166448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       244944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2455688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18295272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       293328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031556                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14355                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395105                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256569                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28447560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2052552                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026702                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       395106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24505                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       303945                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255517                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1981                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1050                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3160848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          960                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2431560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18397224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       142632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7340                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395524                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251849                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28477728                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2014792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       395525                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          113                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          143                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       273212                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       250789                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7139                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1058                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3164200                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         8136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2185696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18056808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       514008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8464                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031528                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3348                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       396001                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        26784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28512072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2049728                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024720                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       396002                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       275773                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3168016                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2206184                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       231840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031495                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9131                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257637                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        73048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28421856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2061096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025969                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       394749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16955                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          110                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       287208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       256529                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          542                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1106                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3157992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1220760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2297664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18470088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        39024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8848                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031401                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3615                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394449                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       254420                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        28920                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28400328                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2035360                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024491                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       394450                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       263188                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       253292                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3486                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3155600                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          896                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2105504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18237024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       250992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031437                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1530                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394872                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257104                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28430784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2056832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024592                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       394873                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          433                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       267869                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       255951                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1215                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3158984                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        31176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2142952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18428472                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        87480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9208                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.554175                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      5462589                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1862390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1137068                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4645010                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4316534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        38074                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9107                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     43700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134092080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9096544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37160080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    310790448                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2741328                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        72856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.497983                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1737599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       163267                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5964762                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4808515                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     13900792                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1306136                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    429462864                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38468120                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.066805                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1737599                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       653482                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       482793                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     13900792                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47050704                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3862344                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.138321                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1737599                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1136275                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    125107128                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9090200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.189511                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15837                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280245                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165492864                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18241960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.032463                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       102800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       397492                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256671                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       822400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28619424                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2053368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.031526                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5884                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395805                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       255168                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        47072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28497960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2041344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.031556                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395105                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256569                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28447560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2052552                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.031490                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7340                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395524                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251849                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58720                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28477728                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2014792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.031528                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3348                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       396001                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       256216                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        26784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28512072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2049728                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.031495                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9131                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394748                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257637                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        73048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28421856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2061096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.031401                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3615                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394449                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       254420                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        28920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28400328                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2035360                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.031437                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1530                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257104                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28430784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2056832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.554175                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      5462589                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1862390                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1137068                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4645010                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4316534                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        38074                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9107                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     43700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134092080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9096544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     37160080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    310790448                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2741328                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        72856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.066805                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      1737599                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       653482                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       482793                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     13900792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47050704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3862344                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14433240                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.943317                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        4.679249                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    14433237    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14433240                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      18702470                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.923857                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.810419                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    17534842     93.76%     93.76% |      663971      3.55%     97.31% |      211928      1.13%     98.44% |      280909      1.50%     99.94% |       10515      0.06%    100.00% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        18702470                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1270679                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.494004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        1.529486                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1147049     90.27%     90.27% |          31      0.00%     90.27% |      122595      9.65%     99.92% |          47      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |         957      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1270679                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        444698728                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.325712                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.027115                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           6.615655                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   444661035     99.99%     99.99% |       24980      0.01%    100.00% |        9826      0.00%    100.00% |        2079      0.00%    100.00% |         601      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          444698728                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    444698728                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.325712                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.027115                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       6.615655                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   444661035     99.99%     99.99% |       24980      0.01%    100.00% |        9826      0.00%    100.00% |        2079      0.00%    100.00% |         601      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      444698728                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        260318097                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.891248                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.038146                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          14.331476                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   260243711     99.97%     99.97% |       25913      0.01%     99.98% |       35015      0.01%     99.99% |        8487      0.00%    100.00% |        2884      0.00%    100.00% |        1459      0.00%    100.00% |         487      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          260318097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    260318097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.891248                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.038146                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      14.331476                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   260243711     99.97%     99.97% |       25913      0.01%     99.98% |       35015      0.01%     99.99% |        8487      0.00%    100.00% |        2884      0.00%    100.00% |        1459      0.00%    100.00% |         487      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      260318097                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2355082028                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000014                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.128875                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2355081666    100.00%    100.00% |         324      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2355082028                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2355082028                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000014                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.128875                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2355081666    100.00%    100.00% |         324      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2355082028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      3.348195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.229166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    13.206598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         933     99.04%     99.04% |           2      0.21%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           3      0.32%     99.58% |           3      0.32%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.348195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.229166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    13.206598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         933     99.04%     99.04% |           2      0.21%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           3      0.32%     99.58% |           3      0.32%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.169288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.169288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1737599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          653482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1737599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       653482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       482793      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1737599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        653482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       482793      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1737599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       653482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   387277456     87.09%     87.09% |     7177659      1.61%     88.70% |     7177659      1.61%     90.32% |     7177659      1.61%     91.93% |     7177659      1.61%     93.54% |     7177659      1.61%     95.16% |     7177659      1.61%     96.77% |     7177659      1.61%     98.39% |     7177659      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    444698728                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071602843648    100.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071769665536                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   340091589     92.16%     92.16% |     3617620      0.98%     93.14% |     3617620      0.98%     94.12% |     3617620      0.98%     95.10% |     3617620      0.98%     96.08% |     3617620      0.98%     97.06% |     3617620      0.98%     98.04% |     3617620      0.98%     99.02% |     3617620      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    369032549                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       25883      2.34%      2.34% |      157240     14.21%     16.54% |      131017     11.84%     28.38% |      139770     12.63%     41.01% |      129858     11.73%     52.74% |      129824     11.73%     64.47% |      133259     12.04%     76.51% |      130011     11.75%     88.26% |      129977     11.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1106839                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2271995     39.79%     39.79% |      366696      6.42%     46.21% |      438684      7.68%     53.90% |      437487      7.66%     61.56% |      439951      7.71%     69.27% |      439961      7.71%     76.97% |      435042      7.62%     84.59% |      439790      7.70%     92.29% |      440019      7.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      5709625                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          94      0.01%      0.01% |       60809      6.19%      6.20% |      132052     13.43%     19.63% |      130425     13.27%     32.90% |      132908     13.52%     46.42% |      132916     13.52%     59.94% |      127928     13.01%     72.95% |      132921     13.52%     86.48% |      132929     13.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       982982                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2298723     46.97%     46.97% |      408152      8.34%     55.31% |      310778      6.35%     61.67% |      321574      6.57%     68.24% |      309162      6.32%     74.55% |      309121      6.32%     80.87% |      317617      6.49%     87.36% |      309123      6.32%     93.68% |      309319      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4893569                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        3166      0.09%      0.09% |      468668     13.10%     13.19% |      442535     12.37%     25.55% |      451704     12.62%     38.17% |      441772     12.35%     50.52% |      441744     12.34%     62.86% |      445246     12.44%     75.31% |      441748     12.34%     87.65% |      441952     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3578535                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        7075     75.90%     75.90% |         280      3.00%     78.90% |         281      3.01%     81.91% |         279      2.99%     84.91% |         282      3.03%     87.93% |         280      3.00%     90.94% |         285      3.06%     93.99% |         280      3.00%     97.00% |         280      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         9322                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288503    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2288613                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           8      0.00%      0.00% |       55770      5.89%      5.89% |      127672     13.48%     19.37% |      126050     13.31%     32.67% |      128530     13.57%     46.24% |      128541     13.57%     59.81% |      123551     13.04%     72.86% |      128545     13.57%     86.43% |      128544     13.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       947211                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       36498      0.14%      0.14% |     2848299     10.60%     10.74% |     3438254     12.80%     23.54% |     3386123     12.60%     36.14% |     3447101     12.83%     48.97% |     3447584     12.83%     61.80% |     3369230     12.54%     74.34% |     3447607     12.83%     87.17% |     3445613     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     26866309                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         203      0.00%      0.00% |    20852443     12.50%     12.50% |    20852501     12.50%     25.00% |    20852503     12.50%     37.50% |    20852499     12.50%     50.00% |    20852502     12.50%     62.50% |    20852449     12.50%     75.00% |    20852502     12.50%     87.50% |    20852502     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    166820104                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          73     90.12%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           1      1.23%     92.59% |           1      1.23%     93.83% |           1      1.23%     95.06% |           1      1.23%     96.30% |           1      1.23%     97.53% |           1      1.23%     98.77% |           1      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           81                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.08%      0.08% |        1417     37.93%     38.01% |         332      8.89%     46.90% |         330      8.83%     55.73% |         332      8.89%     64.61% |         329      8.81%     73.42% |         330      8.83%     82.25% |         331      8.86%     91.11% |         332      8.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3736                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          12      0.00%      0.00% |       58889      6.04%      6.04% |      131211     13.46%     19.50% |      129594     13.29%     32.79% |      132076     13.54%     46.33% |      132086     13.55%     59.88% |      127095     13.03%     72.91% |      132093     13.55%     86.45% |      132088     13.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       975144                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    58842553     95.10%     95.10% |      862292      1.39%     96.50% |      298344      0.48%     96.98% |      341431      0.55%     97.53% |      290375      0.47%     98.00% |      289923      0.47%     98.47% |      364663      0.59%     99.06% |      289883      0.47%     99.53% |      291685      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     61871149                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071602837504    100.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071602837504                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1764      0.07%      0.07% |      307823     12.49%     12.56% |      307760     12.49%     25.05% |      307832     12.49%     37.54% |      307821     12.49%     50.04% |      307819     12.49%     62.53% |      307763     12.49%     75.02% |      307822     12.49%     87.51% |      307822     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2464226                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7155      5.51%      5.51% |       99127     76.39%     81.91% |        1784      1.37%     83.28% |       12516      9.65%     92.93% |         142      0.11%     93.04% |          83      0.06%     93.10% |        8632      6.65%     99.75% |          68      0.05%     99.80% |         254      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       129761                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         673      6.69%      6.69% |        1154     11.47%     18.15% |        1187     11.79%     29.95% |        1176     11.68%     41.63% |        1149     11.42%     53.05% |        1171     11.63%     64.68% |        1175     11.67%     76.35% |        1183     11.75%     88.11% |        1197     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total        10065                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   328395239     93.19%     93.19% |     2998400      0.85%     94.04% |     2998526      0.85%     94.89% |     2998401      0.85%     95.75% |     2998411      0.85%     96.60% |     2998408      0.85%     97.45% |     2998520      0.85%     98.30% |     2998421      0.85%     99.15% |     2998409      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    352382735                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   337801249     92.73%     92.73% |     3309784      0.91%     93.64% |     3309846      0.91%     94.55% |     3309772      0.91%     95.46% |     3309783      0.91%     96.37% |     3309788      0.91%     97.27% |     3309843      0.91%     98.18% |     3309782      0.91%     99.09% |     3309782      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    364279629                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       18717     71.63%     71.63% |         926      3.54%     75.17% |        1229      4.70%     79.87% |         874      3.34%     83.22% |         854      3.27%     86.49% |         871      3.33%     89.82% |         746      2.85%     92.68% |        1067      4.08%     96.76% |         847      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        26131                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2271310     48.08%     48.08% |      306653      6.49%     54.57% |      306286      6.48%     61.05% |      306717      6.49%     67.54% |      306726      6.49%     74.03% |      306704      6.49%     80.53% |      306772      6.49%     87.02% |      306514      6.49%     93.51% |      306734      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      4724416                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          94      0.01%      0.01% |       60809      6.19%      6.20% |      132052     13.43%     19.63% |      130425     13.27%     32.90% |      132908     13.52%     46.42% |      132916     13.52%     59.94% |      127928     13.01%     72.95% |      132921     13.52%     86.48% |      132929     13.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       982982                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10147      0.39%      0.39% |      408139     15.67%     16.06% |      310764     11.93%     27.99% |      321558     12.34%     40.33% |      309146     11.87%     52.20% |      309108     11.87%     64.07% |      317603     12.19%     76.26% |      309107     11.87%     88.13% |      309303     11.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2604875                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2288503    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2288613                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          73     90.12%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           1      1.23%     92.59% |           1      1.23%     93.83% |           1      1.23%     95.06% |           1      1.23%     96.30% |           1      1.23%     97.53% |           1      1.23%     98.77% |           1      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       10241      0.29%      0.29% |      469021     13.07%     13.36% |      442853     12.34%     25.70% |      451986     12.60%     38.30% |      442068     12.32%     50.62% |      442032     12.32%     62.94% |      445533     12.42%     75.35% |      442040     12.32%     87.67% |      442240     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3588014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2288576     99.99%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2288694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2271983     47.99%     47.99% |      307807      6.50%     54.49% |      307473      6.49%     60.98% |      307893      6.50%     67.49% |      307875      6.50%     73.99% |      307875      6.50%     80.49% |      307947      6.50%     87.00% |      307697      6.50%     93.50% |      307931      6.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      4734481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       18717     71.63%     71.63% |         926      3.54%     75.17% |        1229      4.70%     79.87% |         874      3.34%     83.22% |         854      3.27%     86.49% |         871      3.33%     89.82% |         746      2.85%     92.68% |        1067      4.08%     96.76% |         847      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        26131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12167     31.18%     31.18% |        4398     11.27%     42.45% |        4181     10.71%     53.16% |        2101      5.38%     58.55% |        7282     18.66%     77.21% |        3332      8.54%     85.74% |         652      1.67%     87.42% |        3598      9.22%     96.64% |        1313      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        39024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50048      2.55%      2.55% |      116008      5.91%      8.45% |      257620     13.11%     21.57% |      254371     12.95%     34.51% |      259276     13.20%     47.71% |      259326     13.20%     60.91% |      249212     12.69%     73.60% |      259416     13.20%     86.80% |      259290     13.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1964567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1718      0.69%      0.69% |      198472     79.67%     80.36% |        4414      1.77%     82.13% |       25170     10.10%     92.24% |         440      0.18%     92.41% |         322      0.13%     92.54% |       17306      6.95%     99.49% |         606      0.24%     99.73% |         664      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       249112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2280636     42.57%     42.57% |      385496      7.20%     49.77% |      383993      7.17%     56.94% |      385399      7.19%     64.13% |      380680      7.11%     71.24% |      385041      7.19%     78.43% |      386465      7.21%     85.64% |      383251      7.15%     92.80% |      385932      7.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5356893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           2      8.00%      8.00% |           3     12.00%     20.00% |           4     16.00%     36.00% |           3     12.00%     48.00% |           3     12.00%     60.00% |           3     12.00%     72.00% |           3     12.00%     84.00% |           3     12.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3668      2.94%      2.94% |       98399     78.85%     81.79% |        1699      1.36%     83.15% |       12251      9.82%     92.97% |          55      0.04%     93.01% |          13      0.01%     93.02% |        8476      6.79%     99.82% |          14      0.01%     99.83% |         216      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       124791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       10020      0.45%      0.45% |      362958     16.26%     16.71% |      264570     11.86%     28.57% |      274415     12.30%     40.87% |      262636     11.77%     52.63% |      263080     11.79%     64.42% |      270286     12.11%     76.53% |      261521     11.72%     88.25% |      262141     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2231627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          69      0.06%      0.06% |        5314      4.26%      4.31% |       42378     33.96%     38.27% |       29515     23.65%     61.92% |       10561      8.46%     70.39% |       12680     10.16%     80.55% |       16909     13.55%     94.10% |        1652      1.32%     95.42% |        5713      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       124791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2288422     73.68%     73.68% |       29220      0.94%     74.62% |       88857      2.86%     77.48% |       91175      2.94%     80.41% |      122327      3.94%     84.35% |      120241      3.87%     88.22% |      107553      3.46%     91.68% |      131276      4.23%     95.91% |      127018      4.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3106089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        7166      0.66%      0.66% |      156314     14.46%     15.13% |      129788     12.01%     27.14% |      138896     12.85%     39.99% |      129004     11.94%     51.93% |      128953     11.93%     63.86% |      132513     12.26%     76.12% |      128944     11.93%     88.05% |      129130     11.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1080708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         148     94.87%     94.87% |           1      0.64%     95.51% |           1      0.64%     96.15% |           1      0.64%     96.79% |           1      0.64%     97.44% |           1      0.64%     98.08% |           1      0.64%     98.72% |           1      0.64%     99.36% |           1      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          74     90.24%     90.24% |           1      1.22%     91.46% |           1      1.22%     92.68% |           1      1.22%     93.90% |           1      1.22%     95.12% |           1      1.22%     96.34% |           1      1.22%     97.56% |           1      1.22%     98.78% |           1      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2280023     52.71%     52.71% |      256669      5.93%     58.64% |      255166      5.90%     64.54% |      256567      5.93%     70.47% |      251847      5.82%     76.30% |      256214      5.92%     82.22% |      257635      5.96%     88.17% |      254418      5.88%     94.06% |      257102      5.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4325641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       10105      0.32%      0.32% |      397480     12.52%     12.84% |      395793     12.47%     25.31% |      395091     12.45%     37.76% |      395510     12.46%     50.22% |      395989     12.48%     62.70% |      394736     12.44%     75.13% |      394435     12.43%     87.56% |      394858     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3173997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288407    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2288511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          37     12.50%     12.50% |          37     12.50%     25.00% |          37     12.50%     37.50% |          37     12.50%     50.00% |          37     12.50%     62.50% |          37     12.50%     75.00% |          37     12.50%     87.50% |          37     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           3     13.04%     21.74% |           2      8.70%     30.43% |           3     13.04%     43.48% |           3     13.04%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           3     13.04%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          73     90.12%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           1      1.23%     92.59% |           1      1.23%     93.83% |           1      1.23%     95.06% |           1      1.23%     96.30% |           1      1.23%     97.53% |           1      1.23%     98.77% |           1      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |       57147      6.01%      6.01% |      127959     13.46%     19.47% |      126335     13.29%     32.76% |      128816     13.55%     46.31% |      128825     13.55%     59.87% |      123838     13.03%     72.89% |      128831     13.55%     86.45% |      128830     13.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       950589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.84%      0.84% |          40     11.17%     12.01% |          45     12.57%     24.58% |          45     12.57%     37.15% |          46     12.85%     50.00% |          45     12.57%     62.57% |          43     12.01%     74.58% |          45     12.57%     87.15% |          46     12.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           7      0.02%      0.02% |       26284     64.76%     64.77% |         827      2.04%     66.81% |        9746     24.01%     90.82% |          31      0.08%     90.90% |           6      0.01%     90.91% |        3477      8.57%     99.48% |           4      0.01%     99.49% |         207      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        40589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          22      5.02%      5.02% |          50     11.42%     16.44% |          50     11.42%     27.85% |          54     12.33%     40.18% |          54     12.33%     52.51% |          50     11.42%     63.93% |          50     11.42%     75.34% |          54     12.33%     87.67% |          54     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         613      0.06%      0.06% |      128825     12.49%     12.55% |      128825     12.49%     25.04% |      128830     12.49%     37.54% |      128831     12.49%     50.03% |      128825     12.49%     62.52% |      128828     12.49%     75.01% |      128831     12.49%     87.51% |      128830     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      1031238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         718      0.03%      0.03% |      263751     12.59%     12.63% |      261807     12.50%     25.12% |      261381     12.48%     37.60% |      261778     12.50%     50.10% |      262285     12.52%     62.62% |      261089     12.46%     75.08% |      260726     12.45%     87.53% |      261175     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2094710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        8598     60.57%     60.57% |         734      5.17%     65.74% |         649      4.57%     70.31% |         714      5.03%     75.34% |         709      4.99%     80.34% |         717      5.05%     85.39% |         659      4.64%     90.03% |         709      4.99%     95.03% |         706      4.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        14195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          21      0.02%      0.02% |       99077     80.75%     80.76% |        2103      1.71%     82.48% |       12486     10.18%     92.65% |         112      0.09%     92.74% |          40      0.03%     92.78% |        8588      7.00%     99.78% |          49      0.04%     99.82% |         227      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       122703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         642     67.15%     67.15% |          25      2.62%     69.77% |         203     21.23%     91.00% |           0      0.00%     91.00% |           0      0.00%     91.00% |          86      9.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total          956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           9      4.17%      4.17% |          30     13.89%     18.06% |          20      9.26%     27.31% |          29     13.43%     40.74% |          52     24.07%     64.81% |          25     11.57%     76.39% |          23     10.65%     87.04% |          21      9.72%     96.76% |           7      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        7072     95.17%     95.17% |          62      0.83%     96.00% |          42      0.57%     96.57% |          40      0.54%     97.11% |          40      0.54%     97.65% |          49      0.66%     98.30% |          49      0.66%     98.96% |          40      0.54%     99.50% |          37      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         7431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           8      0.01%      0.01% |       98393     81.26%     81.26% |        1697      1.40%     82.66% |       12244     10.11%     92.78% |          49      0.04%     92.82% |           9      0.01%     92.82% |        8472      7.00%     99.82% |           7      0.01%     99.83% |         210      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total       121089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2271265     86.04%     86.04% |       44056      1.67%     87.71% |       45666      1.73%     89.44% |       46512      1.76%     91.20% |       46097      1.75%     92.95% |       45590      1.73%     94.67% |       46858      1.78%     96.45% |       46971      1.78%     98.23% |       46756      1.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2639771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       16418     93.82%     93.82% |         123      0.70%     94.53% |         202      1.15%     95.68% |         136      0.78%     96.46% |         113      0.65%     97.10% |         121      0.69%     97.79% |         109      0.62%     98.42% |         168      0.96%     99.38% |         109      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        17499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         835     55.85%     55.85% |         119      7.96%     63.81% |          59      3.95%     67.76% |          54      3.61%     71.37% |          62      4.15%     75.52% |          76      5.08%     80.60% |          22      1.47%     82.07% |         209     13.98%     96.05% |          59      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         127      0.03%      0.03% |       44539     11.96%     12.00% |       46169     12.40%     24.40% |       46940     12.61%     37.01% |       46510     12.49%     49.50% |       46028     12.36%     61.86% |       47231     12.69%     74.55% |       47586     12.78%     87.33% |       47162     12.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       372292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          96     94.12%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      0.98%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           1      0.98%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      0.98%     98.04% |           1      0.98%     99.02% |           1      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total          102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       12136     31.87%     31.87% |        4281     11.24%     43.12% |        4074     10.70%     53.82% |        1981      5.20%     59.02% |        7139     18.75%     77.77% |        3220      8.46%     86.23% |         542      1.42%     87.65% |        3486      9.16%     96.81% |        1215      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        38074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2272951     52.64%     52.64% |      256607      5.94%     58.58% |      255124      5.91%     64.49% |      256527      5.94%     70.43% |      251807      5.83%     76.26% |      256165      5.93%     82.19% |      257586      5.97%     88.16% |      254378      5.89%     94.05% |      257065      5.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4318210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           4     17.39%     30.43% |           3     13.04%     43.48% |           3     13.04%     56.52% |           3     13.04%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           3     13.04%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3660     98.87%     98.87% |           6      0.16%     99.03% |           2      0.05%     99.08% |           7      0.19%     99.27% |           6      0.16%     99.43% |           4      0.11%     99.54% |           4      0.11%     99.65% |           7      0.19%     99.84% |           6      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         3702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10020      0.45%      0.45% |      362958     16.26%     16.71% |      264570     11.86%     28.57% |      274415     12.30%     40.87% |      262636     11.77%     52.63% |      263080     11.79%     64.42% |      270286     12.11%     76.53% |      261521     11.72%     88.25% |      262141     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2231627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          69      0.06%      0.06% |        5314      4.26%      4.31% |       42378     33.96%     38.27% |       29515     23.65%     61.92% |       10561      8.46%     70.39% |       12680     10.16%     80.55% |       16909     13.55%     94.10% |        1652      1.32%     95.42% |        5713      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       124791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          16      0.00%      0.00% |       29208      3.57%      3.57% |       88845     10.87%     14.44% |       91161     11.15%     25.59% |      122313     14.96%     40.55% |      120229     14.71%     55.26% |      107541     13.15%     68.41% |      131262     16.05%     84.47% |      127004     15.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       817579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2288406    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2288510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         148     94.87%     94.87% |           1      0.64%     95.51% |           1      0.64%     96.15% |           1      0.64%     96.79% |           1      0.64%     97.44% |           1      0.64%     98.08% |           1      0.64%     98.72% |           1      0.64%     99.36% |           1      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          74     90.24%     90.24% |           1      1.22%     91.46% |           1      1.22%     92.68% |           1      1.22%     93.90% |           1      1.22%     95.12% |           1      1.22%     96.34% |           1      1.22%     97.56% |           1      1.22%     98.78% |           1      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          73     46.50%     46.50% |          37     23.57%     70.06% |           3      1.91%     71.97% |          14      8.92%     80.89% |           8      5.10%     85.99% |           2      1.27%     87.26% |          12      7.64%     94.90% |           8      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2280023     52.71%     52.71% |      256669      5.93%     58.64% |      255166      5.90%     64.54% |      256567      5.93%     70.47% |      251847      5.82%     76.30% |      256214      5.92%     82.22% |      257635      5.96%     88.17% |      254418      5.88%     94.06% |      257102      5.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4325641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |       57147      6.01%      6.01% |      127959     13.46%     19.47% |      126335     13.29%     32.76% |      128816     13.55%     46.31% |      128825     13.55%     59.87% |      123838     13.03%     72.89% |      128831     13.55%     86.45% |      128830     13.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       950589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.84%      0.84% |          40     11.17%     12.01% |          45     12.57%     24.58% |          45     12.57%     37.15% |          46     12.85%     50.00% |          45     12.57%     62.57% |          43     12.01%     74.58% |          45     12.57%     87.15% |          46     12.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          11      0.00%      0.00% |       57187      6.01%      6.01% |      128004     13.46%     19.48% |      126380     13.29%     32.77% |      128862     13.55%     46.32% |      128870     13.55%     59.87% |      123881     13.03%     72.90% |      128876     13.55%     86.45% |      128876     13.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       950947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1528     21.21%     21.21% |         684      9.49%     30.71% |         968     13.44%     44.14% |         684      9.49%     53.64% |         680      9.44%     63.08% |         674      9.36%     72.43% |         617      8.56%     81.00% |         690      9.58%     90.57% |         679      9.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         7204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        8598     60.57%     60.57% |         734      5.17%     65.74% |         649      4.57%     70.31% |         714      5.03%     75.34% |         709      4.99%     80.34% |         717      5.05%     85.39% |         659      4.64%     90.03% |         709      4.99%     95.03% |         706      4.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        14195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          21      0.02%      0.02% |       99077     80.75%     80.76% |        2103      1.71%     82.48% |       12486     10.18%     92.65% |         112      0.09%     92.74% |          40      0.03%     92.78% |        8588      7.00%     99.78% |          49      0.04%     99.82% |         227      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       122703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        7091      5.47%      5.47% |       99127     76.43%     81.90% |        1784      1.38%     83.27% |       12516      9.65%     92.92% |         141      0.11%     93.03% |          83      0.06%     93.10% |        8630      6.65%     99.75% |          68      0.05%     99.80% |         254      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       129694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       17189     90.82%     90.82% |         242      1.28%     92.10% |         261      1.38%     93.47% |         190      1.00%     94.48% |         174      0.92%     95.40% |         197      1.04%     96.44% |         129      0.68%     97.12% |         377      1.99%     99.11% |         168      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        18927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       16418     93.82%     93.82% |         123      0.70%     94.52% |         202      1.15%     95.67% |         137      0.78%     96.46% |         113      0.65%     97.10% |         121      0.69%     97.79% |         109      0.62%     98.42% |         168      0.96%     99.38% |         109      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        17500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         835     55.85%     55.85% |         119      7.96%     63.81% |          59      3.95%     67.76% |          54      3.61%     71.37% |          62      4.15%     75.52% |          76      5.08%     80.60% |          22      1.47%     82.07% |         209     13.98%     96.05% |          59      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          64     95.52%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           0      0.00%     95.52% |           1      1.49%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           2      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3422114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2288518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        4325641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       616119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       520156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1737599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1136275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         162161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean          704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         124791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      4520219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       324157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1413442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       783239      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1915398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       875043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       616062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       481844      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       124791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      4325641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        38282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1136275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        37363      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            287      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS         7928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       316229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        18484      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         7928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1413442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS        22181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      4520137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS       223894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data       124724      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS         2037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       124725      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
