
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.534677                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1534677405500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1534677405500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139512                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   389469                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              234223370                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1098232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6552.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   914107784                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2551880369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     54724416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           54724416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13200256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13200256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       855069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              855069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       206254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             206254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     35658579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              35658579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8601323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8601323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     44259902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             44259902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      855069                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     206254                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    855069                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   206254                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               54721344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                13198976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                54724416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             13200256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             53675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             53530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             53288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             53142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             53417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             53348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             53256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             53276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             53277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             53431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            53637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            53381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            53523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            53720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            53636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            53484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             12782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             13151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             12659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             12658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             12969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             12955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             13036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             13204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            13201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            13029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            12501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            12972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            12653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            12934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1534677311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                855069                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               206254                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  812586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   26874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   12845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  11526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  12569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  12975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  12989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  12985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  13017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  13005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  13006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  12989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  13017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  12951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       233954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    290.300897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.156243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   248.874328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68947     29.47%     29.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37584     16.06%     45.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        65428     27.97%     73.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16618      7.10%     80.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14673      6.27%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11599      4.96%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8359      3.57%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5404      2.31%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5342      2.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       233954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.670904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2959.551264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383        12822     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::327680-344063            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         12823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.083132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.078345                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.408094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            12299     95.91%     95.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               11      0.09%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              491      3.83%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               16      0.12%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         12823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  11384075962                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             27415719712                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 4275105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13314.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32064.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        35.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     35.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      18.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   700558                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  126730                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                61.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1446004.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    77.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                883960560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                482319750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3329757600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              665521920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         100237176000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         291896553690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         664752472500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1062247762020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            692.166830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1104198654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   51246000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  379225494750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                884656080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                482699250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3338743200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              670874400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         100237176000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         293066638290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         663726074250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1062406861470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            692.270506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1102483893250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   51246000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  380940362750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 156                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3069354811                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  848997316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2422393593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2285454107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              58138113                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   81530210                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    187144327                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2285454107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     58138113                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         4815244267                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2276554746                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            93430255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           45692972                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1934573439                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          725352266                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    369832259                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  224915991                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 144916268                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3069354810.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        307760766                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             47297311      1.95%      1.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1755947752     72.49%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     387      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                203623708      8.41%     82.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               45692176      1.89%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               224915991      9.28%     94.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              144916268      5.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2422393593                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3069057545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   16277617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32371694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25372134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25372134                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           49037187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          12986621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2991442811.689430                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              77614733.310570                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.025289                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.974711                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14626761     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32371694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3068927490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   16277617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32371694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25372134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25372134                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           49037187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          12986621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2991446814.498587                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              77480675.501413                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.025247                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.974753                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14626761     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  32371694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3069059646                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16277617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     32371694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             25372134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    25372134                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           49037187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          12986621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2991444101.629220                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              77615544.370781                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.025290                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.974710                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14626761     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  32371694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      3069061386                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   16277617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     32371694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             25372134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    25372134                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           49037187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          12986621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              2991444677.732242                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              77616708.267758                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.025290                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.974710                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14626761     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  32371694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17043021                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.461585                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.275492                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    17043018    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17043021                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1602836631                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000276                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000191                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016612                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1602394201     99.97%     99.97% |      442430      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1602836631                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1602836631                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.108952                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.006683                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.220095                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1602795151    100.00%    100.00% |       15956      0.00%    100.00% |       21628      0.00%    100.00% |        2807      0.00%    100.00% |         753      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1602836631                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1602836631                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.108952                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.006683                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          4.220095                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  1602795151    100.00%    100.00% |       15956      0.00%    100.00% |       21628      0.00%    100.00% |        2807      0.00%    100.00% |         753      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1602836631                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    368686139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      1146182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    369832321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1106407845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         4241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1106412086                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits     65609701                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses       746181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses     66355882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     10353523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       441756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     20852491                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     20852777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits      6718778                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses       308633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses      7027411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     10351656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       443623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     20852488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     20852777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits      6741067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses       308764                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses      7049831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     10353338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       441941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     20852486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     20852777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits      6718747                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses       308636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses      7027383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     10353518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       441761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     20852490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     20852777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits      6717283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses       308532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses      7025815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      1150261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1150423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_misses       265427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_accesses       265463                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         47132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       394910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       442042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_hits        47117                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_misses       260599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_accesses       307716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         48803                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       395109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       443912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_hits        46860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_misses       260863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_accesses       307723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         47247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       394985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       442232                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_hits        47061                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_misses       260661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_accesses       307722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         47177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       394871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       442048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_hits        47168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_misses       260548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_accesses       307716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1742290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       987846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2730136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_hits       959221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_misses       344821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_accesses      1304042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           129                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.196772                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      1150261                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1157540                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1139353                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1138829                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4725                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      9202088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     83342880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9114824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9201968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     81995688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       340200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.055736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       394910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258070                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2       311361                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       256881                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1091                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      3159280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        11504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28436544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2064560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2490888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18495432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        78552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.076303                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       395109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       652556                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       394701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       257375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      3160872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1031464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     46984032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2069568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3157608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18531000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.055641                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       394985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395365                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258557                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       302665                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       257214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1187                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3159880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28466280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2068456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2421320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18519408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.055584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       394871                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       300965                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       257035                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      3158968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28432368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2066592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2407720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18506520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.507726                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      3585205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       139205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3791239                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2465432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2459938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2167334                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6018                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     28681640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1113640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    272969208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19723456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19679504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    156048048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       433296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        36408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.087148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       855069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1061323                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       292594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      6840552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76415256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2340752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.086244                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      3585205                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       139620                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3924016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2465513                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2459938                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2167334                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6018                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4551                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0     28681640                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1116960                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    282529152                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19724104                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19679504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    156048048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       433296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        36408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        10755615                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       418445                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11771885                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     14776353                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      6520056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        13653                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         86044920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3347560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    847575720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    118210824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    469444032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       109224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.187331                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1150219                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1139330                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82815768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9114640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206213                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1150261                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7321                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1138829                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4725                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      9202088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       527112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9201968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     81995688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       340200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.062120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394909                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257746                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        11504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28433448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2061968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.049352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       394910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       311361                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       256881                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1091                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          862                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3159280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2490888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18495432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        78552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064238                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258505                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1031464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28447776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2068040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.088368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       395109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       257448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       394701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       257375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3160872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18536256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3157608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18531000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.062124                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258404                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28438848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2067232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.049158                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       394985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          153                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       302665                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       257214                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1187                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3159880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        27432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2421320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18519408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.062103                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394870                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258027                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28430640                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2064216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.049066                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       394871                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          297                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       300965                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       257035                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3158968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2407720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18506520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.552138                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2730136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       987672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250331                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2459938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2167334                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6018                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     21841088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     71112384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2002648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19679504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    156048048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       433296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        36408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.463314                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       855069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       139205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2803567                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2215101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6840552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1113640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    201856824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     17720808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.044871                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       855069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206254                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43170                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6840552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14850288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       345360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129425                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       855069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       249424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     61564968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1995392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.link_utilization     0.187331                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8409                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1150219                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1139330                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67272                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82815768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9114640                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.link_utilization     0.062120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1438                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394909                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       257746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        11504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28433448                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2061968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.link_utilization     0.064238                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128933                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       395108                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258505                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1031464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28447776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2068040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.link_utilization     0.062124                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258404                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28438848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2067232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.link_utilization     0.062103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394870                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258027                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28430640                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2064216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.link_utilization     0.552138                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      2730136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       987672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250331                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2459938                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2167334                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6018                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4551                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     21841088                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     71112384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2002648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19679504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    156048048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       433296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        36408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.link_utilization     0.044871                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       855069                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206254                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43170                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      6840552                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14850288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       345360                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       7361959                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.791246                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        4.034407                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7361956    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         7361959                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       9066780                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.441761                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.061321                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8616657     95.04%     95.04% |       90933      1.00%     96.04% |      286656      3.16%     99.20% |        4391      0.05%     99.25% |       68137      0.75%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         9066780                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        614282                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.578617                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        1.601603                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      543248     88.44%     88.44% |          13      0.00%     88.44% |       70977     11.55%     99.99% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          614282                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        226450984                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.255243                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.025557                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           5.127277                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   226442253    100.00%    100.00% |        4170      0.00%    100.00% |        3429      0.00%    100.00% |         788      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          226450984                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    226450984                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.255243                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.025557                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       5.127277                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   226442253    100.00%    100.00% |        4170      0.00%    100.00% |        3429      0.00%    100.00% |         788      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      226450984                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        132211602                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.881557                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.038080                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          13.034728                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   132178882     99.98%     99.98% |       11768      0.01%     99.98% |       18188      0.01%    100.00% |        2019      0.00%    100.00% |         494      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          132211602                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    132211602                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.881557                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.038080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      13.034728                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   132178882     99.98%     99.98% |       11768      0.01%     99.98% |       18188      0.01%    100.00% |        2019      0.00%    100.00% |         494      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      132211602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   1189823194                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000016                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.159027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  1189822839    100.00%    100.00% |         326      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     1189823194                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   1189823194                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000016                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.159027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  1189822839    100.00%    100.00% |         326      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   1189823194                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      2.421488                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.178893                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     7.342104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         577     95.37%     95.37% |          26      4.30%     99.67% |           1      0.17%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     2.421488                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.178893                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     7.342104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         577     95.37%     95.37% |          26      4.30%     99.67% |           1      0.17%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000092                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.083413                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    27175113    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000092                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.083413                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    27175113    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27175123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27175123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch         855069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          206254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       855069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       206254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement        43170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch       855069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        206254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement        43170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data       855069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       206254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   197740348     87.32%     87.32% |     7177659      3.17%     90.49% |     7177659      3.17%     93.66% |     7177659      3.17%     96.83% |     7177659      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    226450984                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1106412086     92.99%     92.99% |    20852777      1.75%     94.74% |    20852777      1.75%     96.49% |    20852777      1.75%     98.25% |    20852777      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1189823194                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   172091973     92.24%     92.24% |     3617620      1.94%     94.18% |     3617620      1.94%     96.12% |     3617620      1.94%     98.06% |     3617620      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    186562453                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12350      2.60%      2.60% |      129855     27.36%     29.96% |       72697     15.32%     45.27% |      129907     27.37%     72.64% |      129853     27.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       474662                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1137260     40.20%     40.20% |      439927     15.55%     55.75% |      372057     13.15%     68.90% |      440081     15.55%     84.45% |      439949     15.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      2829274                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          60      0.01%      0.01% |      132909     32.82%     32.84% |        6105      1.51%     34.35% |      132918     32.83%     67.17% |      132920     32.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       404912                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1150363     45.73%     45.73% |      309133     12.29%     58.01% |      437807     17.40%     75.42% |      309314     12.30%     87.71% |      309128     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2515745                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        1739      0.10%      0.10% |      441743     24.95%     25.04% |      443609     25.05%     50.10% |      441925     24.96%     75.05% |      441745     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1770761                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        4241     78.62%     78.62% |         286      5.30%     83.93% |         289      5.36%     89.28% |         291      5.39%     94.68% |         287      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         5394                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1144401    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1144456                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           1      0.00%      0.00% |      128539     33.19%     33.19% |        1638      0.42%     33.61% |      128547     33.19%     66.81% |      128544     33.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       387269                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     4312580     25.12%     25.12% |     3447597     20.08%     45.19% |     2525268     14.71%     59.90% |     3438267     20.02%     79.92% |     3447615     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     17171327                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         218      0.00%      0.00% |    20852458     25.00%     25.00% |    20852359     25.00%     50.00% |    20852451     25.00%     75.00% |    20852490     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     83409976                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          42     91.30%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           1      2.17%     95.65% |           1      2.17%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           46                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.16%      0.16% |         323     17.67%     17.83% |         846     46.28%     64.11% |         327     17.89%     82.00% |         329     18.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1828                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |           9      0.00%      0.00% |      132077     32.93%     32.94% |        4755      1.19%     34.12% |      132091     32.94%     67.06% |      132092     32.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       401024                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    27180066     92.86%     92.86% |      289933      0.99%     93.85% |     1210272      4.13%     97.99% |      299077      1.02%     99.01% |      289907      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     29269255                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1106407627    100.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1106407824                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         915      0.07%      0.07% |      307828     24.98%     25.06% |      307768     24.98%     50.03% |      307837     24.98%     75.02% |      307831     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1232179                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3866      5.22%      5.22% |         251      0.34%      5.56% |       69478     93.86%     99.42% |         233      0.31%     99.74% |         195      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        74023                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         577      0.90%      0.90% |        1006      1.56%      2.46% |       60514     94.05%     96.51% |        1194      1.86%     98.37% |        1052      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total        64343                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   166245963     93.27%     93.27% |     2998386      1.68%     94.95% |     2998510      1.68%     96.64% |     2998390      1.68%     98.32% |     2998392      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    178239641                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   170946615     92.81%     92.81% |     3309779      1.80%     94.61% |     3309838      1.80%     96.41% |     3309767      1.80%     98.20% |     3309773      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    184185772                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        8480     73.47%     73.47% |         742      6.43%     79.90% |         735      6.37%     86.27% |         800      6.93%     93.20% |         785      6.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        11542                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     1136674     48.08%     48.08% |      306844     12.98%     61.06% |      306788     12.98%     74.04% |      306796     12.98%     87.02% |      306805     12.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      2363907                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          60      0.01%      0.01% |      132909     32.82%     32.84% |        6105      1.51%     34.35% |      132918     32.83%     67.17% |      132920     32.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       404912                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5920      0.43%      0.43% |      309120     22.54%     22.97% |      437793     31.93%     54.90% |      309298     22.56%     77.46% |      309112     22.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1371243                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     1144401    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      1144456                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          42     91.30%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           1      2.17%     95.65% |           1      2.17%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        5980      0.34%      0.34% |      442029     24.89%     25.22% |      443900     24.99%     50.22% |      442217     24.90%     75.11% |      442034     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      1776160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1144443     99.99%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      1144502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1137251     46.83%     46.83% |      307850     12.68%     59.51% |      367302     15.13%     74.64% |      307990     12.68%     87.32% |      307857     12.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      2428250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        8480     73.47%     73.47% |         742      6.43%     79.90% |         735      6.37%     86.27% |         800      6.93%     93.20% |         785      6.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        11542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4748     67.77%     67.77% |        1415     20.20%     87.97% |         207      2.95%     90.92% |         189      2.70%     93.62% |         447      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         7006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22964      2.84%      2.84% |      259210     32.11%     34.96% |        6458      0.80%     35.76% |      259312     32.12%     67.88% |      259284     32.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       807228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1736      1.22%      1.22% |         500      0.35%      1.57% |      138936     97.78%     99.35% |         502      0.35%     99.70% |         422      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       142096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1139680     42.40%     42.40% |      386575     14.38%     56.79% |      387332     14.41%     71.20% |      387241     14.41%     85.61% |      386858     14.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2687686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           3     27.27%     36.36% |           4     36.36%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3660      2.76%      2.76% |          20      0.02%      2.78% |      128724     97.07%     99.85% |         189      0.14%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       132605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5813      0.49%      0.49% |      261998     22.15%     22.64% |      390900     33.05%     55.69% |      262231     22.17%     77.86% |      261941     22.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1182883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          37      0.03%      0.03% |       49350     37.22%     37.24% |        3788      2.86%     40.10% |       40419     30.48%     70.58% |       39009     29.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       132603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1144368     80.90%     80.90% |       83560      5.91%     86.80% |         420      0.03%     86.83% |       92333      6.53%     93.36% |       93920      6.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1414601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        3870      0.84%      0.84% |      129113     27.88%     28.71% |       71962     15.54%     44.25% |      129107     27.88%     72.13% |      129068     27.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       463120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |          74     94.87%     94.87% |           1      1.28%     96.15% |           1      1.28%     97.44% |           1      1.28%     98.72% |           1      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          43     87.76%     87.76% |           2      4.08%     91.84% |           1      2.04%     93.88% |           2      4.08%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1139213     52.45%     52.45% |      257743     11.87%     64.32% |      258503     11.90%     76.22% |      258401     11.90%     88.12% |      258025     11.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2171885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5865      0.37%      0.37% |      394897     24.90%     25.27% |      395096     24.92%     50.19% |      394970     24.91%     75.10% |      394856     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1585684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1144354    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1144406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          99     25.00%     25.00% |          99     25.00%     50.00% |          99     25.00%     75.00% |          99     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           3     25.00%     33.33% |           2     16.67%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          42     91.30%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           1      2.17%     95.65% |           1      2.17%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           1      0.00%      0.00% |      128828     33.12%     33.12% |        2444      0.63%     33.75% |      128838     33.13%     66.88% |      128833     33.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       388944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      1.99%      1.99% |          34     22.52%     24.50% |          38     25.17%     49.67% |          36     23.84%     73.51% |          40     26.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           7      0.33%      0.33% |           7      0.33%      0.67% |        1907     90.85%     91.52% |         177      8.43%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         2099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          14      7.11%      7.11% |          43     21.83%     28.93% |          44     22.34%     51.27% |          47     23.86%     75.13% |          49     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         467      0.09%      0.09% |      128830     24.98%     25.07% |      128827     24.98%     50.04% |      128838     24.98%     75.02% |      128833     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       515795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         596      0.05%      0.05% |      261033     23.63%     23.68% |      320798     29.04%     52.72% |      261281     23.65%     76.37% |      261030     23.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      1104738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4563     61.71%     61.71% |         726      9.82%     71.53% |         673      9.10%     80.63% |         717      9.70%     90.33% |         715      9.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          20      0.03%      0.03% |         201      0.29%      0.32% |       69418     99.18%     99.49% |         197      0.28%     99.77% |         159      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        69995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |          25     92.59%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           9      2.28%      2.28% |         182     46.08%     48.35% |          48     12.15%     60.51% |           7      1.77%     62.28% |         149     37.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        3794     95.14%     95.14% |          54      1.35%     96.49% |          60      1.50%     97.99% |          40      1.00%     99.00% |          40      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         3988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           8      0.01%      0.01% |          14      0.02%      0.03% |       69341     99.70%     99.73% |         182      0.26%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total        69550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1136655     85.88%     85.88% |       46817      3.54%     89.42% |       46502      3.51%     92.93% |       46709      3.53%     96.46% |       46827      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      1323510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6918     95.08%     95.08% |          51      0.70%     95.78% |         112      1.54%     97.32% |         101      1.39%     98.71% |          94      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         845     93.68%     93.68% |          15      1.66%     95.34% |          12      1.33%     96.67% |          18      2.00%     98.67% |          12      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         106      0.06%      0.06% |       47122     25.02%     25.08% |       46868     24.89%     49.96% |       47066     24.99%     74.95% |       47171     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       188333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          47     94.00%     94.00% |           0      0.00%     94.00% |           1      2.00%     96.00% |           1      2.00%     98.00% |           1      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        4725     78.51%     78.51% |        1091     18.13%     96.64% |          16      0.27%     96.91% |          36      0.60%     97.51% |         150      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         6018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     1135419     52.37%     52.37% |      257689     11.89%     64.26% |      258443     11.92%     76.18% |      258361     11.92%     88.10% |      257985     11.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2167897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           4     40.00%     70.00% |           3     30.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3652      5.79%      5.79% |           6      0.01%      5.80% |       59381     94.18%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        63053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5813      0.49%      0.49% |      261998     22.15%     22.64% |      390900     33.05%     55.69% |      262231     22.17%     77.86% |      261941     22.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1182883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          37      0.03%      0.03% |       49350     37.22%     37.24% |        3788      2.86%     40.10% |       40419     30.48%     70.58% |       39009     29.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       132603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          15      0.01%      0.01% |       83549     30.92%     30.93% |         408      0.15%     31.08% |       92320     34.17%     65.25% |       93906     34.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       270198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1144353    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1144403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |          74     94.87%     94.87% |           1      1.28%     96.15% |           1      1.28%     97.44% |           1      1.28%     98.72% |           1      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          43     87.76%     87.76% |           2      4.08%     91.84% |           1      2.04%     93.88% |           2      4.08%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1139213     52.45%     52.45% |      257743     11.87%     64.32% |      258503     11.90%     76.22% |      258401     11.90%     88.12% |      258025     11.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2171885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           1      0.00%      0.00% |      128828     33.12%     33.12% |        2444      0.63%     33.75% |      128838     33.13%     66.88% |      128833     33.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       388944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      1.99%      1.99% |          34     22.52%     24.50% |          38     25.17%     49.67% |          36     23.84%     73.51% |          40     26.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |           4      0.00%      0.00% |      128862     33.12%     33.12% |        2482      0.64%     33.76% |      128874     33.12%     66.88% |      128873     33.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       389095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         770     22.48%     22.48% |         677     19.76%     42.24% |         615     17.95%     60.19% |         684     19.96%     80.15% |         680     19.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         3426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4563     61.71%     61.71% |         726      9.82%     71.53% |         673      9.10%     80.63% |         717      9.70%     90.33% |         715      9.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          20      0.03%      0.03% |         201      0.29%      0.32% |       69418     99.18%     99.49% |         197      0.28%     99.77% |         159      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        69995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        3813      5.16%      5.16% |         250      0.34%      5.49% |       69474     93.93%     99.43% |         230      0.31%     99.74% |         194      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        73961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        7710     95.00%     95.00% |          65      0.80%     95.80% |         120      1.48%     97.28% |         116      1.43%     98.71% |         105      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         8116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6918     95.08%     95.08% |          51      0.70%     95.78% |         112      1.54%     97.32% |         101      1.39%     98.71% |          94      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         845     93.68%     93.68% |          15      1.66%     95.34% |          12      1.33%     96.67% |          18      2.00%     98.67% |          12      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          53     85.48%     85.48% |           1      1.61%     87.10% |           4      6.45%     93.55% |           3      4.84%     98.39% |           1      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1766878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1144412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2171885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       200451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        48973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        855069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         249424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          79030      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        59591      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         132603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2327335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        97244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       757825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       269969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1085705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       386567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       200363      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        42519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       132603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2171885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         6410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       249424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         5803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        97178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           97      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       757825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2327286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS       179817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        73182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        59366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS         1254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       132548      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
