
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.024541                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3024540742000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3024540742000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 154690                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   434315                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              258833950                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1309048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11685.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1807589151                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5075082723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    106233536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          106233536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     63860224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        63860224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1659899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1659899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       997816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             997816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     35123857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              35123857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21114023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             21114023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     56237880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             56237880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1659899                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     997816                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1659899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   997816                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              106230144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                63858240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               106233536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             63860224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            102589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            104185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            100803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            102429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            104194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            103334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            101743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            101752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            103232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            104901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           104865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           106251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           105585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           105335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           104271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           104377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             61073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             62890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             59419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             61102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             62834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             61891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             60194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             60241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             61931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             63622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            63541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            64997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            64289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            64009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            62869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            62883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3024540647500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1659899                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               997816                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1479687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   56787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   42780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   32930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   18024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   12916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    9797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                    6925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  48558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  51756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  54179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  56367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  58622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  60594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  63280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  66147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  66495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  64844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  66838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  68291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  66310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       429129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    396.352910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   274.698489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   310.913594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        80501     18.76%     18.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67608     15.75%     34.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       100017     23.31%     57.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        41351      9.64%     67.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        38693      9.02%     76.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        26707      6.22%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        17164      4.00%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11412      2.66%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45676     10.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       429129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      26.815150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.260246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2409.415364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767        61898    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         61899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.119566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.112439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.500833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            58326     94.23%     94.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              109      0.18%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3280      5.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               91      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               42      0.07%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               25      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               16      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               10      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         61899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  28590955251                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             59713067751                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 8299230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17225.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35975.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        35.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        21.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     35.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     21.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      15.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1340417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  888074                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 80.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1138022.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1598932440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                872433375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              6403948200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3172770000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         197548097760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         480087670185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1393593221250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2083277073210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            688.791850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2315535977001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  100995960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  608006004249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1645199640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                897678375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              6542593200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3292656480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         197548097760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         480344511330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1393367922000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2083638658785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            688.911400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2315125566751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  100995960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  608416507249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 272                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6049081484                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1677368183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4816109123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4542209125                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    370166270                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4542209125                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9564895898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4532746758                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868429                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388808                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3844594137                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1442517477                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    727279637                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  441575470                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 285704167                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6049081483.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        611419232                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599445      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3495544211     72.58%     74.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.46%     83.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91387992      1.90%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               441575470      9.17%     94.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              285704167      5.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4816109123                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6047863378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5967987958.785301                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              79875419.214699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013207                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986793                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6047939570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5967987877.712490                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              79951692.287510                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.013220                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.986780                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6047768662                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5967990715.832221                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              79777946.167778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.013191                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.986809                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6048697698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5967979571.513522                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              80718126.486478                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.013345                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.986655                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6045532993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5968020958.527303                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              77512034.472698                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.012821                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.987179                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6046867252                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5968005314.535821                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              78861937.464179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.013042                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.986958                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6048496199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5967985207.676255                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              80510991.323745                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.013311                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.986689                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6047265654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   16277621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     32371700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             25372140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              17579765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    25372140                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     17579765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           49037197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          12986626                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            24437779                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14019328                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     10684687                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7103938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   3580749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5968002046.713317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              79263607.286684                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.013107                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.986893                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 14626767     45.18%     45.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.19%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                6999559     21.62%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7103938     21.94%     88.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                3580749     11.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  32371700                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               33205362                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.355331                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.313331                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    33205359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 33205362                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3168545216                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000279                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000194                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016708                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3167660418     99.97%     99.97% |      884798      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3168545216                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3168545216                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.110398                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.006638                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.239746                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3168390411    100.00%    100.00% |      125966      0.00%    100.00% |       27174      0.00%    100.00% |        1280      0.00%    100.00% |         379      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3168545216                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3168545216                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.110398                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.006638                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          4.239746                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3168390411    100.00%    100.00% |      125966      0.00%    100.00% |       27174      0.00%    100.00% |        1280      0.00%    100.00% |         379      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3168545216                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    724988718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2290981                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    727279699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2188075804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         5225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2188081029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     10350003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       445276                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     20852439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          343                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     10350116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       445163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     20852424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          358                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     10349894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       445385                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     20852423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          359                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     10350025                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       445254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     20852421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits     10348504                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       446775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     20852428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits     10349869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       445410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     20852428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits     10349897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       445382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     20852433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          349                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits     10349692                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       445587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     10795279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     20852430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          352                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     20852782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           309                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2295897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2296206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         72946                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       372673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       445619                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         69743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       375778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       445521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         72056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       373688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       445744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         68511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       377104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       445615                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         73626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       373503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       447129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         72223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       373541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       445764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         72122                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       373609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       445731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits         72389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       373550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       445939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3496681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1792662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5289343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           582                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.199483                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2295897                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8155                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2311345                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286949                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2295881                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2286091                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          361                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          601                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18367176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    166416840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18367048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164598552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.026184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       372673                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20905                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       372713                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       218011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238086                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       216312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        20382                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2981384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26835336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1744088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1904688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15574464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1467504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.026455                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       375778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15377                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       241260                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        14860                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1218                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3006224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27057960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1813648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1930080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16198920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1069920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.026303                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       373688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12238                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       239150                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       226937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11714                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2989504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26907840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1821248                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1913200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16339464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       843408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.026590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       377104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       377129                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       242452                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       225302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16515                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          447                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3016832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       136272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27153288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1810048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1939616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16221744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1189080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.035593                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       373503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113578                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       594613                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250647                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       371081                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       234883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2518                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       908624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42812136                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2005176                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2968648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16911576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       181296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       122072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.027872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       373541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16404                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       401586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       237328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       363338                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       235665                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1876                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1158                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28914192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1898624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2906704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16967880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       135072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.026282                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       373609                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25422                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373631                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       214409                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       239160                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       213243                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        24903                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          658                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       203376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26901432                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1715272                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1913280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15353496                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1793016                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5264                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.026338                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       373550                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       374116                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       230402                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       253226                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       228787                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8766                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1104                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76472                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26936352                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1843216                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2025808                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16472664                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       631152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8832                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.521105                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      6949242                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       235201                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7946898                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5129308                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4483634                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4092205                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       101895                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21852                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     55593936                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1881608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    572176656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     41034464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     35869072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    294638760                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      7336440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       174816                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.109895                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      1659899                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2657715                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1011262                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     13279192                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    191355480                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8090096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.052606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      6949242                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       238672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8079661                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5129467                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4483634                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4092205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       101895                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21852                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     55593936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1909376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    581735592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     41035736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     35869072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    294638760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      7336440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       174816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        20847726                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       712545                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     24238932                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     28839303                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     12582300                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        65556                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        166781808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      5700360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1745203104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    230714424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    905925600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       524448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.189760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8155                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2295822                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286918                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165299184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.209207                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2295897                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2295881                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2286091                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          361                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          601                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18367176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1117656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18367048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164598552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        25992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029694                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20905                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       372672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       217510                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26832384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1740080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022673                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       372673                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       238086                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       216312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        20382                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2981384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1904688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15574464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1467504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029951                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15377                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375777                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226205                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27055944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1809640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022959                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       375778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       241260                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       224985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        14860                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1218                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3006224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1930080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16198920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1069920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029778                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12238                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373687                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227150                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26905464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1817200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022828                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          506                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       239150                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       226937                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11714                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2989504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1913200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16339464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       843408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030060                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       377103                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       225751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       136272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27151416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1806008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       377104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       242452                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       225302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16515                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          447                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3016832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1939616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16221744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1189080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030792                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113578                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373502                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       908624                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26892144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2001152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040394                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       221111                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          503                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       371081                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       234883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2518                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15919992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2968648                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16911576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       181296                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       122072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029881                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16404                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373540                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       236825                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26894880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1894600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          503                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       363338                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       235665                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1876                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1158                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2019312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2906704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16967880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       135072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9264                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029771                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25422                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373608                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       213903                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       203376                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26899776                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1711224                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022792                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373609                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          506                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       239160                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       213243                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        24903                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          658                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1913280                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15353496                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1793016                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5264                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029768                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373549                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       229893                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76472                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26895528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1839144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022908                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373550                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          509                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       253226                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       228787                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8766                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1104                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        40824                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4072                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2025808                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16472664                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       631152                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8832                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.534655                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      5289343                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1792585                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1008445                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4483634                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4092205                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       101895                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21852                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     42314744                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    129066120                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8067560                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     35869072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    294638760                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      7336440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       174816                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.507555                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1659899                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       235201                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6154313                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4120863                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     13279192                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1881608                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    443110536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32966904                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.088005                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1659899                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       997816                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6723                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     13279192                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     71842752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        53784                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.131786                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1659899                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1004539                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    119512728                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8036312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.189760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2295822                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2286918                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165299184                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18295344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.029694                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20905                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       372672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       217510                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26832384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1740080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.029951                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15377                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375777                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       123016                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27055944                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1809640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.029778                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12238                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373687                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       227150                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97904                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26905464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1817200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.030060                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17034                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       377103                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       225751                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       136272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27151416                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1806008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.030792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113578                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373502                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       250144                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       908624                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26892144                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2001152                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.029881                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16404                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373540                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       236825                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       131232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26894880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1894600                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.029771                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25422                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373608                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       213903                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       203376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26899776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1711224                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.029768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9559                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373549                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       229893                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26895528                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1839144                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.534655                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      5289343                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1792585                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1008445                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4483634                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4092205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       101895                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21852                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     42314744                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    129066120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8067560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     35869072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    294638760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      7336440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       174816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.088005                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      1659899                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1       997816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6723                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     13279192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     71842752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        53784                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      13887034                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.669966                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        4.219001                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    13887031    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        13887034                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      18169752                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.433366                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.040763                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    17511287     96.38%     96.38% |      555761      3.06%     99.43% |       99164      0.55%     99.98% |        3517      0.02%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        18169752                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1148576                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.045449                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.473454                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1137970     99.08%     99.08% |         292      0.03%     99.10% |       10301      0.90%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1148576                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        444639158                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.295623                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.025710                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           6.371310                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   444456069     99.96%     99.96% |      110204      0.02%     99.98% |       48374      0.01%     99.99% |       18771      0.00%    100.00% |        2822      0.00%    100.00% |        1676      0.00%    100.00% |         689      0.00%    100.00% |         506      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          444639158                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    444639158                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.295623                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.025710                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       6.371310                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   444456069     99.96%     99.96% |      110204      0.02%     99.98% |       48374      0.01%     99.99% |       18771      0.00%    100.00% |        2822      0.00%    100.00% |        1676      0.00%    100.00% |         689      0.00%    100.00% |         506      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      444639158                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        260288321                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.837476                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.037761                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          12.190942                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   260206464     99.97%     99.97% |       58774      0.02%     99.99% |       22660      0.01%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |         332      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          260288321                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    260288321                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.837476                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.037761                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      12.190942                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   260206464     99.97%     99.97% |       58774      0.02%     99.99% |       22660      0.01%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |         332      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      260288321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2354903285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.127822                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2354902890    100.00%    100.00% |         336      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2354903285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2354903285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.127822                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2354902890    100.00%    100.00% |         336      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2354903285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      4.260085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.261762                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.275006                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         929     98.62%     98.62% |           1      0.11%     98.73% |           0      0.00%     98.73% |           6      0.64%     99.36% |           3      0.32%     99.68% |           1      0.11%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           2      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     4.260085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.261762                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    18.275006                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         929     98.62%     98.62% |           1      0.11%     98.73% |           0      0.00%     98.73% |           6      0.64%     99.36% |           3      0.32%     99.68% |           1      0.11%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           2      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000184                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.142936                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000184                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.142936                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356748    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1659899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          997816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1659899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       997816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement         6723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1659899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        997816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement         6723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1659899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       997816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   387217886     87.09%     87.09% |     7177659      1.61%     88.70% |     7177659      1.61%     90.31% |     7177659      1.61%     91.93% |     7177659      1.61%     93.54% |     7177659      1.61%     95.16% |     7177659      1.61%     96.77% |     7177659      1.61%     98.39% |     7177659      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    444639158                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071602665472    100.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00% |    20852782      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071769487360                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   340061813     92.16%     92.16% |     3617620      0.98%     93.14% |     3617620      0.98%     94.12% |     3617620      0.98%     95.10% |     3617620      0.98%     96.08% |     3617620      0.98%     97.06% |     3617620      0.98%     98.04% |     3617620      0.98%     99.02% |     3617620      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    369002773                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7690      0.85%      0.85% |      128671     14.14%     14.99% |      133573     14.68%     29.67% |      128802     14.16%     43.82% |      130820     14.38%     58.20% |        7478      0.82%     59.02% |      114845     12.62%     71.64% |      128906     14.17%     85.81% |      129119     14.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       909904                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2287501     39.42%     39.42% |      440321      7.59%     47.00% |      435477      7.50%     54.51% |      440463      7.59%     62.10% |      438271      7.55%     69.65% |      440391      7.59%     77.24% |      440531      7.59%     84.83% |      440289      7.59%     92.41% |      440254      7.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      5803498                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          95      0.01%      0.01% |      134600     14.32%     14.33% |      134535     14.31%     28.64% |      134648     14.32%     42.96% |      134663     14.32%     57.29% |       11568      1.23%     58.52% |      120651     12.83%     71.35% |      134629     14.32%     85.67% |      134715     14.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       940104                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2296111     46.64%     46.64% |      311019      6.32%     52.96% |      310986      6.32%     59.27% |      311096      6.32%     65.59% |      310952      6.32%     71.91% |      435561      8.85%     80.76% |      325113      6.60%     87.36% |      311102      6.32%     93.68% |      311224      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4923164                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        2588      0.07%      0.07% |      445263     12.48%     12.56% |      445149     12.48%     25.04% |      445368     12.49%     37.52% |      445238     12.48%     50.01% |      446762     12.53%     62.53% |      445396     12.49%     75.02% |      445366     12.49%     87.51% |      445571     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3566701                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        5225     64.87%     64.87% |         343      4.26%     69.12% |         358      4.44%     73.57% |         359      4.46%     78.03% |         361      4.48%     82.51% |         354      4.39%     86.90% |         354      4.39%     91.30% |         349      4.33%     95.63% |         352      4.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         8055                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288318    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2288429                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      124402     14.48%     14.48% |      124558     14.49%     28.97% |      124547     14.49%     43.46% |      124503     14.49%     57.95% |        1761      0.20%     58.16% |      110641     12.87%     71.03% |      124490     14.49%     85.52% |      124461     14.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       859368                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       37066      0.14%      0.14% |     3445967     13.13%     13.27% |     3446053     13.13%     26.39% |     3445959     13.13%     39.52% |     3445951     13.13%     52.64% |     2220942      8.46%     61.10% |     3347833     12.75%     73.85% |     3445978     13.13%     86.98% |     3419108     13.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     26254857                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         204      0.00%      0.00% |    20852403     12.50%     12.50% |    20852355     12.50%     25.00% |    20852398     12.50%     37.50% |    20852421     12.50%     50.00% |    20852389     12.50%     62.50% |    20852428     12.50%     75.00% |    20852433     12.50%     87.50% |    20852425     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    166819456                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          75     90.36%     90.36% |           1      1.20%     91.57% |           1      1.20%     92.77% |           1      1.20%     93.98% |           1      1.20%     95.18% |           1      1.20%     96.39% |           1      1.20%     97.59% |           1      1.20%     98.80% |           1      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           83                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.02%      0.02% |        2185     12.86%     12.88% |        1963     11.55%     24.43% |        2090     12.30%     36.74% |        2150     12.66%     49.39% |        2137     12.58%     61.97% |        2093     12.32%     74.29% |        2126     12.51%     86.80% |        2242     13.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        16989                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |           9      0.00%      0.00% |      131551     14.36%     14.36% |      131707     14.38%     28.74% |      131695     14.38%     43.11% |      131649     14.37%     57.48% |        8574      0.94%     58.42% |      117693     12.85%     71.27% |      131640     14.37%     85.63% |      131609     14.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       916127                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    58579761     94.09%     94.09% |      291349      0.47%     94.56% |      291350      0.47%     95.03% |      291493      0.47%     95.49% |      291366      0.47%     95.96% |     1514858      2.43%     98.40% |      389556      0.63%     99.02% |      291458      0.47%     99.49% |      317876      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     62259067                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071602659328    100.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071602659328                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1300      0.05%      0.05% |      309488     12.49%     12.54% |      309475     12.49%     25.04% |      309618     12.50%     37.53% |      309481     12.49%     50.02% |      309480     12.49%     62.52% |      309592     12.50%     75.01% |      309608     12.50%     87.51% |      309481     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      2477523                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4973     73.84%     73.84% |          14      0.21%     74.05% |          10      0.15%     74.19% |          11      0.16%     74.36% |           8      0.12%     74.48% |        1417     21.04%     95.52% |          11      0.16%     95.68% |           7      0.10%     95.78% |         284      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         6735                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         815      0.55%      0.55% |        1469      0.98%      1.53% |        1454      0.97%      2.50% |        1417      0.95%      3.45% |        1414      0.95%      4.39% |      124617     83.36%     87.75% |       15463     10.34%     98.09% |        1438      0.96%     99.06% |        1410      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total       149497                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   328598471     93.20%     93.20% |     2995080      0.85%     94.05% |     2995107      0.85%     94.90% |     2994839      0.85%     95.75% |     2995104      0.85%     96.60% |     2995097      0.85%     97.45% |     2994874      0.85%     98.30% |     2994857      0.85%     99.15% |     2995104      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    352558533                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   337772120     92.73%     92.73% |     3308119      0.91%     93.64% |     3308131      0.91%     94.55% |     3307985      0.91%     95.46% |     3308123      0.91%     96.37% |     3308127      0.91%     97.28% |     3308014      0.91%     98.18% |     3307996      0.91%     99.09% |     3308123      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    364236738                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        2709     10.10%     10.10% |        2070      7.72%     17.82% |        7042     26.26%     44.09% |        2154      8.03%     52.12% |        4159     15.51%     67.63% |        2163      8.07%     75.70% |        2100      7.83%     83.53% |        2283      8.51%     92.05% |        2132      7.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        26812                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2286677     48.26%     48.26% |      307301      6.49%     54.75% |      302316      6.38%     61.13% |      307351      6.49%     67.62% |      305208      6.44%     74.06% |      307200      6.48%     80.54% |      307375      6.49%     87.03% |      307211      6.48%     93.52% |      307235      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      4737874                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          95      0.01%      0.01% |      134600     14.32%     14.33% |      134535     14.31%     28.64% |      134648     14.32%     42.96% |      134663     14.32%     57.29% |       11568      1.23%     58.52% |      120651     12.83%     71.35% |      134629     14.32%     85.67% |      134715     14.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       940104                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        7718      0.29%      0.29% |      311006     11.80%     12.10% |      310972     11.80%     23.90% |      311079     11.81%     35.71% |      310936     11.80%     47.51% |      435548     16.53%     64.04% |      325099     12.34%     76.38% |      311086     11.81%     88.19% |      311208     11.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2634652                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2288318    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2288429                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          75     90.36%     90.36% |           1      1.20%     91.57% |           1      1.20%     92.77% |           1      1.20%     93.98% |           1      1.20%     95.18% |           1      1.20%     96.39% |           1      1.20%     97.59% |           1      1.20%     98.80% |           1      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        7813      0.22%      0.22% |      445606     12.47%     12.68% |      445507     12.46%     25.15% |      445727     12.47%     37.62% |      445599     12.47%     50.08% |      447116     12.51%     62.59% |      445750     12.47%     75.06% |      445715     12.47%     87.53% |      445923     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3574756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2288393     99.99%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2288512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2287492     46.80%     46.80% |      308770      6.32%     53.12% |      303770      6.22%     59.34% |      308768      6.32%     65.65% |      306622      6.27%     71.93% |      431817      8.84%     80.76% |      322838      6.61%     87.37% |      308649      6.32%     93.68% |      308645      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      4887371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        2709     10.10%     10.10% |        2070      7.72%     17.82% |        7042     26.26%     44.09% |        2154      8.03%     52.12% |        4159     15.51%     67.63% |        2163      8.07%     75.70% |        2100      7.83%     83.53% |        2283      8.51%     92.05% |        2132      7.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        26812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         392      0.37%      0.37% |       20883     19.71%     20.08% |       15361     14.50%     34.57% |       12220     11.53%     46.11% |       17021     16.06%     62.17% |        3021      2.85%     65.02% |        2379      2.25%     67.27% |       25409     23.98%     91.25% |        9275      8.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       105961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       13318      0.74%      0.74% |      257222     14.30%     15.04% |      257184     14.29%     29.33% |      257456     14.31%     43.64% |      257422     14.31%     57.95% |       11982      0.67%     58.61% |      229608     12.76%     71.38% |      257390     14.31%     85.68% |      257594     14.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1799176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2062      9.99%      9.99% |         120      0.58%     10.58% |        9962     48.28%     58.86% |         148      0.72%     59.58% |        4218     20.44%     80.02% |        2974     14.41%     94.44% |          82      0.40%     94.83% |         422      2.05%     96.88% |         644      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        20632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2287406     44.73%     44.73% |      344078      6.73%     51.46% |      352699      6.90%     58.36% |      353761      6.92%     65.28% |      352381      6.89%     72.17% |      362783      7.09%     79.26% |      363453      7.11%     86.37% |      340492      6.66%     93.03% |      356580      6.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5113633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           3     11.54%     11.54% |           3     11.54%     23.08% |           4     15.38%     38.46% |           3     11.54%     50.00% |           2      7.69%     57.69% |           3     11.54%     69.23% |           4     15.38%     84.62% |           3     11.54%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7760      5.85%      5.85% |          19      0.01%      5.86% |          12      0.01%      5.87% |          15      0.01%      5.88% |          12      0.01%      5.89% |      110554     83.32%     89.21% |       14021     10.57%     99.78% |          10      0.01%     99.79% |         283      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       132686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        7492      0.36%      0.36% |      238066     11.54%     11.91% |      241231     11.70%     23.60% |      239030     11.59%     35.19% |      242428     11.75%     46.95% |      363327     17.62%     64.56% |      252878     12.26%     76.82% |      238967     11.59%     88.41% |      239093     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2062512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          72      0.05%      0.05% |           7      0.01%      0.06% |          15      0.01%      0.07% |         103      0.08%      0.15% |           8      0.01%      0.15% |        7741      5.83%      5.99% |      110446     83.24%     89.23% |         177      0.13%     89.36% |       14117     10.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       132686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2288257     73.96%     73.96% |      134599      4.35%     78.31% |      134531      4.35%     82.65% |      134554      4.35%     87.00% |      134667      4.35%     91.36% |        2434      0.08%     91.43% |       10216      0.33%     91.76% |      134464      4.35%     96.11% |      120339      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3094061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        4981      0.56%      0.56% |      126601     14.34%     14.90% |      126531     14.33%     29.23% |      126648     14.34%     43.57% |      126661     14.34%     57.91% |        5315      0.60%     58.51% |      112745     12.77%     71.28% |      126623     14.34%     85.62% |      126987     14.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       883092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         150     94.94%     94.94% |           1      0.63%     95.57% |           1      0.63%     96.20% |           1      0.63%     96.84% |           1      0.63%     97.47% |           1      0.63%     98.10% |           1      0.63%     98.73% |           1      0.63%     99.37% |           1      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          76     90.48%     90.48% |           1      1.19%     91.67% |           1      1.19%     92.86% |           1      1.19%     94.05% |           1      1.19%     95.24% |           1      1.19%     96.43% |           1      1.19%     97.62% |           1      1.19%     98.81% |           1      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2286692     55.58%     55.58% |      217508      5.29%     60.87% |      226203      5.50%     66.37% |      227148      5.52%     71.89% |      225749      5.49%     77.38% |      250142      6.08%     83.46% |      236823      5.76%     89.21% |      213901      5.20%     94.41% |      229891      5.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4114057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        7580      0.25%      0.25% |      372660     12.42%     12.67% |      375764     12.52%     25.19% |      373671     12.45%     37.64% |      377088     12.57%     50.21% |      373490     12.45%     62.66% |      373527     12.45%     75.10% |      373593     12.45%     87.55% |      373534     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3000907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288242    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2288353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         469     12.41%     12.41% |         463     12.25%     24.66% |         470     12.44%     37.10% |         474     12.54%     49.64% |         480     12.70%     62.34% |         472     12.49%     74.83% |         469     12.41%     87.25% |         482     12.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         3779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           2     12.50%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           2     12.50%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           3     18.75%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          75     90.36%     90.36% |           1      1.20%     91.57% |           1      1.20%     92.77% |           1      1.20%     93.98% |           1      1.20%     95.18% |           1      1.20%     96.39% |           1      1.20%     97.59% |           1      1.20%     98.80% |           1      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      126566     14.45%     14.45% |      126489     14.44%     28.88% |      126611     14.45%     43.33% |      126630     14.45%     57.79% |        3883      0.44%     58.23% |      112711     12.86%     71.09% |      126589     14.45%     85.54% |      126688     14.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       876172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      1.63%      1.63% |          21     11.41%     13.04% |          32     17.39%     30.43% |          26     14.13%     44.57% |          22     11.96%     56.52% |          15      8.15%     64.67% |          23     12.50%     77.17% |          27     14.67%     91.85% |          15      8.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           6      0.35%      0.35% |           4      0.24%      0.59% |           0      0.00%      0.59% |           5      0.30%      0.89% |           2      0.12%      1.00% |        1403     82.87%     83.87% |           1      0.06%     83.93% |           0      0.00%     83.93% |         272     16.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          23      8.55%      8.55% |          32     11.90%     20.45% |          38     14.13%     34.57% |          35     13.01%     47.58% |          30     11.15%     58.74% |          22      8.18%     66.91% |          29     10.78%     77.70% |          36     13.38%     91.08% |          24      8.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total          269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         714      0.07%      0.07% |      126568     12.66%     12.73% |      126494     12.65%     25.39% |      126611     12.67%     38.06% |      126630     12.67%     50.72% |      112639     11.27%     61.99% |      126628     12.67%     74.66% |      126589     12.66%     87.33% |      126689     12.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       999562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         904      0.04%      0.04% |      235838     11.62%     11.67% |      234035     11.53%     23.20% |      236736     11.67%     34.87% |      238107     11.74%     46.61% |      359608     17.72%     64.33% |      250611     12.35%     76.68% |      236599     11.66%     88.34% |      236537     11.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2028975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5774     25.62%     25.62% |        2045      9.08%     34.70% |        2102      9.33%     44.03% |        2116      9.39%     53.42% |        2081      9.24%     62.65% |        2108      9.36%     72.01% |        2093      9.29%     81.30% |        2106      9.35%     90.64% |        2108      9.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        22533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          21      0.24%      0.24% |          19      0.21%      0.45% |        4930     55.36%     55.81% |          15      0.17%     55.97% |        2077     23.32%     79.29% |        1449     16.27%     95.56% |          10      0.11%     95.68% |          99      1.11%     96.79% |         286      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           8     47.06%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           2     11.76%     76.47% |           1      5.88%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        4937    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         4937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           8      0.46%      0.46% |          13      0.75%      1.20% |          10      0.57%      1.78% |           8      0.46%      2.24% |           5      0.29%      2.52% |        1413     81.07%     83.59% |           6      0.34%     83.94% |           3      0.17%     84.11% |         277     15.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         1743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2286588     80.00%     80.00% |       72932      2.55%     82.55% |       69735      2.44%     84.99% |       72032      2.52%     87.51% |       68514      2.40%     89.90% |       72209      2.53%     92.43% |       72227      2.53%     94.96% |       72050      2.52%     97.48% |       72108      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2858395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         880     99.66%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.11%     99.77% |           1      0.11%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1007     82.14%     82.14% |          20      1.63%     83.77% |          19      1.55%     85.32% |          33      2.69%     88.01% |          10      0.82%     88.83% |          23      1.88%     90.70% |           8      0.65%     91.35% |          85      6.93%     98.29% |          21      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         225      0.04%      0.04% |       72940     12.75%     12.79% |       69741     12.19%     24.98% |       72049     12.59%     37.57% |       68508     11.97%     49.54% |       72220     12.62%     62.17% |       72221     12.62%     74.79% |       72119     12.61%     87.40% |       72114     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       572137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          76    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         361      0.35%      0.35% |       20382     20.00%     20.36% |       14860     14.58%     34.94% |       11714     11.50%     46.44% |       16514     16.21%     62.65% |        2518      2.47%     65.12% |        1876      1.84%     66.96% |       24903     24.44%     91.40% |        8765      8.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total       101893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2281755     55.53%     55.53% |      217508      5.29%     60.82% |      226203      5.50%     66.33% |      227148      5.53%     71.86% |      225749      5.49%     77.35% |      250142      6.09%     83.44% |      236823      5.76%     89.20% |      213901      5.21%     94.41% |      229891      5.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4109120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           4     17.39%     30.43% |           3     13.04%     43.48% |           2      8.70%     52.17% |           3     13.04%     65.22% |           4     17.39%     82.61% |           3     13.04%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7752      5.92%      5.92% |           6      0.00%      5.93% |           2      0.00%      5.93% |           7      0.01%      5.93% |           7      0.01%      5.94% |      109097     83.34%     89.28% |       14015     10.71%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       130899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        7492      0.36%      0.36% |      238066     11.54%     11.91% |      241231     11.70%     23.60% |      239030     11.59%     35.19% |      242428     11.75%     46.95% |      363327     17.62%     64.56% |      252878     12.26%     76.82% |      238967     11.59%     88.41% |      239093     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2062512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          72      0.05%      0.05% |           7      0.01%      0.06% |          15      0.01%      0.07% |         103      0.08%      0.15% |           8      0.01%      0.15% |        7741      5.83%      5.99% |      110446     83.24%     89.23% |         177      0.13%     89.36% |       14117     10.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       132686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          16      0.00%      0.00% |      134587     16.70%     16.71% |      134518     16.70%     33.40% |      134538     16.70%     50.10% |      134652     16.71%     66.81% |        2422      0.30%     67.11% |       10203      1.27%     68.38% |      134449     16.69%     85.07% |      120324     14.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       805709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2288241    100.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2288352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         150     94.94%     94.94% |           1      0.63%     95.57% |           1      0.63%     96.20% |           1      0.63%     96.84% |           1      0.63%     97.47% |           1      0.63%     98.10% |           1      0.63%     98.73% |           1      0.63%     99.37% |           1      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          76     90.48%     90.48% |           1      1.19%     91.67% |           1      1.19%     92.86% |           1      1.19%     94.05% |           1      1.19%     95.24% |           1      1.19%     96.43% |           1      1.19%     97.62% |           1      1.19%     98.81% |           1      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2286692     55.58%     55.58% |      217508      5.29%     60.87% |      226203      5.50%     66.37% |      227148      5.52%     71.89% |      225748      5.49%     77.38% |      250098      6.08%     83.46% |      236823      5.76%     89.21% |      213901      5.20%     94.41% |      229890      5.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4114011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.17%      2.17% |          44     95.65%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      126566     14.45%     14.45% |      126489     14.44%     28.88% |      126611     14.45%     43.33% |      126630     14.45%     57.79% |        3883      0.44%     58.23% |      112711     12.86%     71.09% |      126589     14.45%     85.54% |      126688     14.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       876172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      1.63%      1.63% |          21     11.41%     13.04% |          32     17.39%     30.43% |          26     14.13%     44.57% |          22     11.96%     56.52% |          15      8.15%     64.67% |          23     12.50%     77.17% |          27     14.67%     91.85% |          15      8.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |           8      0.00%      0.00% |      126587     14.44%     14.45% |      126521     14.44%     28.88% |      126637     14.45%     43.33% |      126652     14.45%     57.79% |        3898      0.44%     58.23% |      112734     12.86%     71.09% |      126616     14.45%     85.54% |      126703     14.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       876356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         838      3.39%      3.39% |        2051      8.29%     11.68% |        7022     28.39%     40.07% |        2122      8.58%     48.65% |        4151     16.78%     65.43% |        2142      8.66%     74.09% |        2095      8.47%     82.56% |        2201      8.90%     91.46% |        2113      8.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        24735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5774     25.62%     25.62% |        2045      9.08%     34.70% |        2102      9.33%     44.03% |        2116      9.39%     53.42% |        2081      9.24%     62.65% |        2108      9.36%     72.01% |        2093      9.29%     81.30% |        2106      9.35%     90.64% |        2108      9.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        22533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          21      0.24%      0.24% |          19      0.21%      0.45% |        4930     55.36%     55.81% |          15      0.17%     55.97% |        2077     23.32%     79.29% |        1449     16.27%     95.56% |          10      0.11%     95.68% |          99      1.11%     96.79% |         286      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        4957     73.95%     73.95% |          13      0.19%     74.15% |          10      0.15%     74.30% |           9      0.13%     74.43% |           6      0.09%     74.52% |        1415     21.11%     95.63% |           8      0.12%     95.75% |           4      0.06%     95.81% |         281      4.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total         6703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1871     90.08%     90.08% |          19      0.91%     91.00% |          20      0.96%     91.96% |          32      1.54%     93.50% |           8      0.39%     93.89% |          21      1.01%     94.90% |           5      0.24%     95.14% |          82      3.95%     99.09% |          19      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         880     99.66%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.11%     99.77% |           1      0.11%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1007     82.14%     82.14% |          20      1.63%     83.77% |          19      1.55%     85.32% |          33      2.69%     88.01% |          10      0.82%     88.83% |          23      1.88%     90.70% |           8      0.65%     91.35% |          85      6.93%     98.29% |          21      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          16     50.00%     50.00% |           1      3.12%     53.12% |           0      0.00%     53.12% |           2      6.25%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           2      6.25%     71.88% |           3      9.38%     81.25% |           3      9.38%     90.62% |           3      9.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Inv |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3000941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2288360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        4114099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       901137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       103402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1659899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1004539      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         108700      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       125881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               3396      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         132686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      4350948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       300504      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1359395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       805639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1762027      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       928931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       898634      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         3500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       132686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      4114011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        99429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1004539      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        96679      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         2733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           3312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       300485      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1359395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      4350864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9470      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean       122899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          249      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       132369      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
