
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.079035                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3079034785000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3079034785000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141552                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   392506                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              233062535                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1537336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13211.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1870066339                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5185473973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    245907520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          245907520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164680832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       164680832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3842305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3842305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2573138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2573138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     79865132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              79865132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53484564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             53484564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    133349696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            133349696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3842305                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2573138                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3842305                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2573138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              245842368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   65152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               164679680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               245907520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            164680832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1018                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            239248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            239426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            243649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            242280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            241095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            238216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            239954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            238596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            239441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            240887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           241828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           241241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           238089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           237209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           242073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           238055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            161301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            160858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            160927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            161066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            160015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            159792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            161417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            161089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            159931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            161926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           161182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           162048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           160424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           160013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           160362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           160769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3079034704500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               3842305                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              2573138                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1956625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  565081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  502148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  361564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                  215229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                  125995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   76352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   38289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  82892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 102853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 125098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 145203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 160094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 168766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 173440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 175563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 176818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 176911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 175110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 172406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 172872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 176547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 180714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 180124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  11325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   4489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   2201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1769210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    232.036563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   141.377161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   261.717031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       908829     51.37%     51.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       274566     15.52%     66.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       212207     11.99%     78.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       107993      6.10%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        81785      4.62%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        51223      2.90%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        29045      1.64%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        18437      1.04%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        85125      4.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1769210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       160268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.967779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.256330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    769.130841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383       160267    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        160268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       160268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.055108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.051349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.366941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           156243     97.49%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              263      0.16%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3196      1.99%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              284      0.18%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              152      0.09%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               82      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               32      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               13      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        160268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 128426035291                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            200450166541                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                19206435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     33433.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                52183.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        79.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        53.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     79.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     53.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      22.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2459909                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 2185284                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 64.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     479941.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6702174360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3656940375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             14995211400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             8336293200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         201107509200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         576894294495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1341372708000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2153065131030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            699.266461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2227715345005                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  102815700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  748503558995                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6673053240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3641050875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             14966749200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             8337524400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         201107509200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         575416832265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1342668727500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2152811446680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            699.184070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2229861418500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  102815700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  746356786500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 352                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6158069570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1702012523                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4850611757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4576711648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    375095123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4576711648                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9643758061                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4557391646                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868631                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388910                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3874167423                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1452375547                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    742065997                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  451433049                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 290632948                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6158069569.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        616348125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599470      1.95%      1.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3515260366     72.47%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     491      0.00%     74.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297369      8.40%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91388064      1.88%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               451433049      9.31%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              290632948      5.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4850611757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6157308602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5988253789.106309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              169054812.893691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.027456                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.972544                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6157419363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5988251502.673207                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              169167860.326793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.027474                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.972526                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6157516978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5988249689.498079                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              169267288.501921                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.027490                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.972510                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6157264290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5988257409.625012                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              169006880.374988                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.027448                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.972552                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6157451390                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5988253271.718445                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              169198118.281555                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.027479                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.972521                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6157577353                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5988250795.422416                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              169326557.577584                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.027499                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.972501                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6157446534                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5988255342.467131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              169191191.532870                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.027477                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.972523                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6157681330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5988249824.606726                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              169431505.393274                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.027515                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.972485                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               68908337                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  2.201372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                13.406490                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    68754957     99.78%     99.78% |      104897      0.15%     99.93% |       37301      0.05%     99.98% |        8966      0.01%    100.00% |        2030      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 68908337                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3286236464                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000269                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000187                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016406                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3285351664     99.97%     99.97% |      884800      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3286236464                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3286236464                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.286211                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.012907                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              7.622494                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3285629872     99.98%     99.98% |      527016      0.02%    100.00% |       68580      0.00%    100.00% |        9799      0.00%    100.00% |        1181      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3286236464                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3286236464                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.286211                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.012907                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          7.622494                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3285629872     99.98%     99.98% |      527016      0.02%    100.00% |       68580      0.00%    100.00% |        9799      0.00%    100.00% |        1181      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3286236464                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           50                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    739772976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2293085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    742066061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2217646155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         8208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2217654363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     12881400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      1072092                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     26860170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     12870942                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses      1082550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     26860179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     12953689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       999803                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     26860183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     12953197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses      1000295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     26860139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          874                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits     12912810                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses      1040682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     26860168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits     12884841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses      1068651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     26860166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits     12903976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses      1049516                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     26860132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits     12877418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses      1076074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     26860164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          849                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2300975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2301293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         79656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       993279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses      1072935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         75342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses      1008042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses      1083384                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         74072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       926561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses      1000633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         79924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       921245                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses      1001169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         82056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       959471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses      1041527                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         88330                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       981168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses      1069498                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         93384                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       957013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses      1050397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits        104071                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       972852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses      1076923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      4432377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5588229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     10020606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        189278                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.196249                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2300975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7759                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2308157                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2299667                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2300963                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2294774                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1007                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18407800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        62072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    166187304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18397336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18407704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    165223728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.065667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       993279                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       446925                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1145101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1002548                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       947037                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       135173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       101007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       353845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      7946232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3575400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82447272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8020384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7576296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9732456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      7272504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2830760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.068038                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      1008042                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       497360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1224588                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1027544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       942571                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       126300                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        85759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       353922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      8064336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3978880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     88170336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8220352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7540568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9093600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      6174648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2831376                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.062095                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       926561                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       381392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1074859                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       945482                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       886459                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       165802                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        70971                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       350857                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      7412488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77389848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7563856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7091672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11937744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5109912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2806856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.062435                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       921245                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       365031                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1120011                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       966698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       872418                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       177183                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        21491                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385588                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      7369960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2920248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     80640792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7733584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6979344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12757176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1547352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3084704                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.065839                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       959471                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       463917                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1223222                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1016682                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       904266                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       137903                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        26691                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       382865                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      7675768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3711336                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     88071984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8133456                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7234128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9929016                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1921752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3062920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.066092                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       981168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       455369                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1202597                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1042379                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       926538                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       145988                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39861                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       378484                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      7849344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3642952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     86586984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8339032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7412304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10511136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2869992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3027872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.066242                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       957013                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2       479693                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1238454                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       999278                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       900878                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132751                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        27651                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       390407                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      7656104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3837544                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     89168688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7994224                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7207024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9558072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1990872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3123256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.066336                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       972852                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2       428606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1187607                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       973391                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       916146                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       174366                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        45063                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385809                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      7782816                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3428848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     85507704                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7787128                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7329168                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12554352                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3244536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3086472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.848519                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0     13862911                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3133258                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14705494                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11901437                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9597276                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3490240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       418918                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2982784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0    110903288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     25066064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1058795568                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     95211496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     76778208                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    251297280                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30162096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23862272                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.268093                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      3842305                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6415443                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4456112                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     30738440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    461911896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     35648896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.091965                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0     13862911                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3526052                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1     16451418                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13315609                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9597276                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3490240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       418918                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2982784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0    110903288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28208416                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1184502096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    106524872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     76778208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    251297280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30162096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23862272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        41588733                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     10185362                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     49296951                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     68738655                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     11727474                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8948352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        332709864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     81482896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3549380472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    549909240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    844378128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     71586816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.186843                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7759                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2300896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2295965                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        62072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165664512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18367720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.205655                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2300975                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7261                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3702                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2300963                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2294774                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1007                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18407800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       522792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18407704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    165223728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.072260                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       446925                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       843451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       861626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3575400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60728472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6893008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.059073                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       993279                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       301650                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       140922                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       947037                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       135173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       101007                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       353845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7946232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21718800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1127376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7576296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9732456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      7272504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2830760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.074188                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       497360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       864596                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       858318                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3978880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     62250912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6866544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.061888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1008042                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       359992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       169226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       942571                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       126300                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        85759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       353922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8064336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25919424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1353808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7540568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9093600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      6174648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2831376                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.068520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       381392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       805585                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       807375                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     58002120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6459000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       926561                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       269274                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       138107                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       886459                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       165802                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        70971                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       350857                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7412488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19387728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1104856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7091672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11937744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      5109912                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2806856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.069745                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       365031                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       823771                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       810876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2920248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     59311512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6487008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055125                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       921245                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       296240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       155822                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       872418                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       177183                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        21491                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385588                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7369960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21329280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1246576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6979344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12757176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1547352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3084704                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.071862                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       463917                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       841417                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       813985                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3711336                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60582024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6511880                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.059815                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       959471                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       381805                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       202697                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       904266                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       137903                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        26691                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       382865                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7675768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27489960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1621576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7234128                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9929016                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1921752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3062920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.072409                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       455369                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       846384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       845151                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3642952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60939648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6761208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.059775                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       981168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       356213                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       197228                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       926538                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       145988                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39861                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       378484                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7849344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25647336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1577824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7412304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10511136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2869992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3027872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.072331                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       479693                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       850058                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       778154                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3837544                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     61204176                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6225232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.060154                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       957013                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       388396                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       221124                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       900878                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132751                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        27651                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       390407                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7656104                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27964512                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7207024                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9558072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1990872                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3123256                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.073893                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       428606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       876488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       783706                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3428848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     63107136                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6269648                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.058780                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       972852                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       311119                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       189685                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       916146                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       174366                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        45063                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385809                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      7782816                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22400568                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1517480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7329168                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12554352                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3244536                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3086472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.850370                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     10020606                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4825634                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3518966                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9597276                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3490240                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       418918                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2982784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     80164848                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    347445648                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     28151728                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     76778208                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    251297280                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30162096                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23862272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.846668                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3842305                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3133258                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9879860                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8382471                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     30738440                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     25066064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    711349920                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67059768                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.226873                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3842305                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2573138                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       941487                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     30738440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    185265936                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7531896                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.309313                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3842305                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3514625                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    276645960                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     28117000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.186843                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7759                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2300896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2295965                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        62072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165664512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18367720                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.072260                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       446925                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       843451                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       861626                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3575400                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60728472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6893008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.074188                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       497360                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       864596                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       858318                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3978880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     62250912                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6866544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.068520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       381392                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       805585                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       807375                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     58002120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6459000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.069745                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       365031                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       823771                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       810876                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2920248                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     59311512                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6487008                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.071862                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       463917                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       841417                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       813985                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3711336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60582024                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6511880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.072409                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       455369                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       846384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       845151                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3642952                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60939648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6761208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.072331                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2       479693                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       850058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       778154                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3837544                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     61204176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6225232                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.073893                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2       428606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       876488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       783706                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3428848                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     63107136                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6269648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.850370                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0     10020606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4825634                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3518966                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9597276                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3490240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       418918                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2982784                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     80164848                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    347445648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     28151728                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     76778208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    251297280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     30162096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     23862272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.226873                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      3842305                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2573138                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       941487                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     30738440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    185265936                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7531896                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      26090906                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         4.797271                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       21.361665                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    25937526     99.41%     99.41% |      104897      0.40%     99.81% |       37301      0.14%     99.96% |        8966      0.03%     99.99% |        2030      0.01%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        26090906                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      37369079                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.462829                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.051997                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    35823321     95.86%     95.86% |     1418728      3.80%     99.66% |      105813      0.28%     99.94% |       16857      0.05%     99.99% |        3675      0.01%    100.00% |         677      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        37369079                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       5448352                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         1.694501                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.417075                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     3618748     66.42%     66.42% |        2244      0.04%     66.46% |     1816357     33.34%     99.80% |        2391      0.04%     99.84% |           3      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |        8570      0.16%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         5448352                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        471278472                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            2.317110                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.056178                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          17.182688                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   469302266     99.58%     99.58% |     1478815      0.31%     99.89% |      312261      0.07%     99.96% |      133452      0.03%     99.99% |       23456      0.00%     99.99% |       18068      0.00%    100.00% |        5740      0.00%    100.00% |        3825      0.00%    100.00% |         571      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          471278472                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    471278472                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.317110                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.056178                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev      17.182688                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   469302266     99.58%     99.58% |     1478815      0.31%     99.89% |      312261      0.07%     99.96% |      133452      0.03%     99.99% |       23456      0.00%     99.99% |       18068      0.00%    100.00% |        5740      0.00%    100.00% |        3825      0.00%    100.00% |         571      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      471278472                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        273701070                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            2.166591                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.061495                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          13.627994                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   273591916     99.96%     99.96% |       81276      0.03%     99.99% |       27037      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |         592      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          273701070                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    273701070                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.166591                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.061495                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      13.627994                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   273591916     99.96%     99.96% |       81276      0.03%     99.99% |       27037      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |         592      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      273701070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2432542467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000211                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.130782                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2432542064    100.00%    100.00% |         359      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2432542467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2432542467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000211                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.130782                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2432542064    100.00%    100.00% |         359      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2432542467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      4.122751                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.230050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    20.646638                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         934     98.84%     98.84% |           1      0.11%     98.94% |           0      0.00%     98.94% |           3      0.32%     99.26% |           1      0.11%     99.37% |           2      0.21%     99.58% |           1      0.11%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           3      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     4.122751                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.230050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    20.646638                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         934     98.84%     98.84% |           1      0.11%     98.94% |           0      0.00%     98.94% |           3      0.32%     99.26% |           1      0.11%     99.37% |           2      0.21%     99.58% |           1      0.11%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           3      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000290                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.100518                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356736    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000290                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.100518                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356736    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        3842305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data         2573138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      3842305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack      2573138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       941487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      3842305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data       2573138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       941487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      3842305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack      2573138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   397075464     84.25%     84.25% |     9275376      1.97%     86.22% |     9275376      1.97%     88.19% |     9275376      1.97%     90.16% |     9275376      1.97%     92.13% |     9275376      1.97%     94.10% |     9275376      1.97%     96.06% |     9275376      1.97%     98.03% |     9275376      1.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    471278472                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071632238592    100.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071847131136                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   344990597     90.21%     90.21% |     4678116      1.22%     91.44% |     4678116      1.22%     92.66% |     4678116      1.22%     93.88% |     4678116      1.22%     95.11% |     4678116      1.22%     96.33% |     4678116      1.22%     97.55% |     4678116      1.22%     98.78% |     4678116      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    382415525                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11756      0.61%      0.61% |      243515     12.67%     13.28% |      279779     14.55%     27.83% |      199371     10.37%     38.21% |      213546     11.11%     49.31% |      249188     12.96%     62.28% |      244017     12.69%     74.97% |      242367     12.61%     87.58% |      238761     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1922300                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2288620     31.22%     31.22% |      637047      8.69%     39.91% |      610139      8.32%     48.24% |      640344      8.74%     56.97% |      637748      8.70%     65.67% |      616258      8.41%     74.08% |      625046      8.53%     82.61% |      627084      8.55%     91.16% |      647754      8.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      7330040                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          98      0.01%      0.01% |      228363     13.18%     13.19% |      230260     13.29%     26.48% |      189644     10.95%     37.43% |      181659     10.49%     47.92% |      212998     12.30%     60.21% |      239395     13.82%     74.03% |      220136     12.71%     86.74% |      229684     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1732237                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2301195     25.75%     25.75% |      840035      9.40%     35.15% |      849634      9.51%     44.66% |      807330      9.03%     53.70% |      816389      9.14%     62.83% |      825078      9.23%     72.06% |      826386      9.25%     81.31% |      826696      9.25%     90.56% |      843198      9.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      8935941                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Stale |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4537     15.34%     15.34% |        3490     11.80%     27.14% |        3659     12.37%     39.51% |        3121     10.55%     50.06% |        3451     11.67%     61.72% |        3717     12.57%     74.29% |        3565     12.05%     86.34% |        4041     13.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Stale::total        29581                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        3806      0.06%      0.06% |      840072     12.66%     12.71% |      848971     12.79%     25.50% |      807340     12.16%     37.67% |      816252     12.30%     49.97% |      824940     12.43%     62.39% |      826284     12.45%     74.84% |      826650     12.45%     87.30% |      843156     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      6637471                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        8208     54.68%     54.68% |         843      5.62%     60.30% |         834      5.56%     65.85% |         830      5.53%     71.38% |         874      5.82%     77.20% |         845      5.63%     82.83% |         847      5.64%     88.48% |         881      5.87%     94.34% |         849      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        15011                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2289200     95.53%     95.53% |       12988      0.54%     96.07% |       13150      0.55%     96.62% |       11520      0.48%     97.10% |       12531      0.52%     97.63% |       14630      0.61%     98.24% |       15357      0.64%     98.88% |       15016      0.63%     99.51% |       11849      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2396241                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           8      3.07%      3.07% |          27     10.34%     13.41% |          24      9.20%     22.61% |          33     12.64%     35.25% |          37     14.18%     49.43% |          36     13.79%     63.22% |          31     11.88%     75.10% |          28     10.73%     85.82% |          37     14.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          261                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4134     15.22%     15.22% |        3233     11.90%     27.12% |        3299     12.14%     39.26% |        2850     10.49%     49.75% |        3198     11.77%     61.53% |        3440     12.66%     74.19% |        3295     12.13%     86.32% |        3717     13.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        27166                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         403     16.69%     16.69% |         257     10.64%     27.33% |         360     14.91%     42.24% |         271     11.22%     53.46% |         253     10.48%     63.93% |         277     11.47%     75.40% |         270     11.18%     86.58% |         324     13.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         2415                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     3751574     65.19%     65.19% |      261423      4.54%     69.74% |      264376      4.59%     74.33% |      224087      3.89%     78.23% |      215703      3.75%     81.97% |      247112      4.29%     86.27% |      272930      4.74%     91.01% |      254016      4.41%     95.43% |      263194      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      5754415                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         203      0.00%      0.00% |    26860135     12.50%     12.50% |    26858806     12.50%     25.00% |    26860183     12.50%     37.50% |    26852233     12.50%     50.00% |    26860168     12.50%     62.50% |    26860166     12.50%     75.00% |    26860089     12.50%     87.50% |    26860121     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    214872104                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79      0.00%      0.00% |      214495     13.24%     13.25% |      216939     13.40%     26.65% |      177284     10.95%     37.59% |      168391     10.40%     47.99% |      197661     12.21%     60.20% |      223293     13.79%     73.98% |      204285     12.61%     86.60% |      217028     13.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total      1619455                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       13816     12.30%     12.30% |       13274     11.82%     24.12% |       12303     10.95%     35.07% |       13225     11.77%     46.84% |       15283     13.60%     60.44% |       16050     14.29%     74.73% |       15799     14.06%     88.79% |       12593     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       112346                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          13      4.83%      4.83% |          31     11.52%     16.36% |          25      9.29%     25.65% |          36     13.38%     39.03% |          30     11.15%     50.19% |          33     12.27%     62.45% |          30     11.15%     73.61% |          29     10.78%     84.39% |          42     15.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total          269                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    59938426     63.45%     63.45% |     4316345      4.57%     68.02% |     4322130      4.58%     72.60% |     4317750      4.57%     77.17% |     4339110      4.59%     81.76% |     4315248      4.57%     86.33% |     4289995      4.54%     90.87% |     4307284      4.56%     95.43% |     4316589      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     94462877                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071632230400    100.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |        1373      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |        7906      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071632240640                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2144      0.16%      0.16% |      166887     12.48%     12.64% |      173118     12.94%     25.58% |      170644     12.76%     38.34% |      189318     14.15%     52.49% |      166472     12.45%     64.93% |      141330     10.57%     75.50% |      159918     11.96%     87.45% |      167817     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1337648                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7856     18.00%     18.00% |        3352      7.68%     25.68% |        4699     10.77%     36.44% |        5603     12.84%     49.28% |        4453     10.20%     59.48% |        4531     10.38%     69.86% |        4249      9.73%     79.60% |        4641     10.63%     90.23% |        4264      9.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        43648                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |        1361      0.04%      0.04% |      441886     12.50%     12.54% |      441432     12.49%     25.02% |      441900     12.50%     37.52% |      441376     12.48%     50.00% |      441494     12.49%     62.49% |      441853     12.50%     74.99% |      442455     12.51%     87.50% |      441864     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      3535621                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   333381658     91.49%     91.49% |     3853402      1.06%     92.55% |     3836666      1.05%     93.60% |     3922900      1.08%     94.68% |     3901461      1.07%     95.75% |     3884878      1.07%     96.81% |     3882727      1.07%     97.88% |     3884131      1.07%     98.94% |     3848720      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    364396543                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   342699174     90.89%     90.89% |     4283343      1.14%     92.02% |     4274652      1.13%     93.16% |     4318308      1.15%     94.30% |     4307605      1.14%     95.44% |     4299100      1.14%     96.58% |     4297859      1.14%     97.72% |     4298627      1.14%     98.86% |     4281098      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    377059766                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3889      0.25%      0.25% |      199461     12.79%     13.04% |      234503     15.04%     28.08% |      161227     10.34%     38.42% |      173966     11.16%     49.57% |      204118     13.09%     62.66% |      196922     12.63%     75.29% |      194566     12.48%     87.77% |      190718     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total      1559370                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2287246     60.28%     60.28% |      195130      5.14%     65.43% |      168682      4.45%     69.87% |      198408      5.23%     75.10% |      196342      5.17%     80.28% |      174731      4.61%     84.88% |      183163      4.83%     89.71% |      184600      4.87%     94.57% |      205848      5.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      3794150                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          98      0.01%      0.01% |      228363     13.18%     13.19% |      230260     13.29%     26.48% |      189644     10.95%     37.43% |      181659     10.49%     47.92% |      212998     12.30%     60.21% |      239395     13.82%     74.03% |      220136     12.71%     86.74% |      229684     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1732237                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11916      0.24%      0.24% |      612149     12.45%     12.69% |      619288     12.59%     25.28% |      618166     12.57%     37.85% |      635196     12.92%     50.77% |      612534     12.46%     63.22% |      587459     11.95%     75.17% |      607125     12.35%     87.51% |      613997     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4917830                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Stale |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4537     15.34%     15.34% |        3490     11.80%     27.14% |        3659     12.37%     39.51% |        3121     10.55%     50.06% |        3451     11.67%     61.72% |        3717     12.57%     74.29% |        3565     12.05%     86.34% |        4041     13.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Stale::total        29581                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2289200     87.87%     87.87% |       40250      1.54%     89.41% |       40686      1.56%     90.97% |       32085      1.23%     92.20% |       34667      1.33%     93.53% |       40103      1.54%     95.07% |       42399      1.63%     96.70% |       42619      1.64%     98.34% |       43322      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2605331                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       26859     13.00%     13.00% |       27279     13.20%     26.19% |       20205      9.78%     35.97% |       21865     10.58%     46.55% |       25220     12.20%     58.75% |       26765     12.95%     71.70% |       27333     13.23%     84.93% |       31149     15.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total       206675                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          79      0.01%      0.01% |      187636     13.28%     13.29% |      189660     13.42%     26.71% |      157079     11.12%     37.83% |      146526     10.37%     48.20% |      172441     12.21%     60.41% |      196528     13.91%     74.32% |      176952     12.53%     86.84% |      185879     13.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total      1412780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       12014      0.18%      0.18% |      845049     12.65%     12.83% |      853038     12.77%     25.60% |      811469     12.15%     37.75% |      819976     12.28%     50.03% |      828983     12.41%     62.44% |      830571     12.43%     74.87% |      830826     12.44%     87.31% |      847722     12.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6679648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2289279     54.19%     54.19% |      254745      6.03%     60.22% |      257625      6.10%     66.31% |      209369      4.96%     71.27% |      203058      4.81%     76.08% |      237764      5.63%     81.70% |      265692      6.29%     87.99% |      246904      5.84%     93.84% |      260350      6.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4224786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2288607     31.22%     31.22% |      637016      8.69%     39.91% |      610114      8.32%     48.24% |      640308      8.74%     56.97% |      637718      8.70%     65.67% |      616225      8.41%     74.08% |      625016      8.53%     82.61% |      627055      8.55%     91.16% |      647712      8.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      7329771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        3889      0.25%      0.25% |      199461     12.79%     13.04% |      234503     15.04%     28.08% |      161227     10.34%     38.42% |      173966     11.16%     49.57% |      204118     13.09%     62.66% |      196922     12.63%     75.29% |      194566     12.48%     87.77% |      190718     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total      1559370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4126      0.22%      0.22% |      241929     13.17%     13.39% |      254985     13.88%     27.27% |      209078     11.38%     38.65% |      177313      9.65%     48.30% |      229388     12.48%     60.78% |      237089     12.90%     73.68% |      248775     13.54%     87.22% |      234748     12.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1837431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22274     12.90%     12.90% |       17122      9.92%     22.82% |       19056     11.04%     33.85% |       19082     11.05%     44.91% |       19624     11.37%     56.27% |       19502     11.29%     67.57% |       18498     10.71%     78.28% |       19120     11.07%     89.35% |       18384     10.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       172662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1238      0.03%      0.03% |      469908     12.80%     12.83% |      540502     14.72%     27.55% |      379660     10.34%     37.89% |      407468     11.10%     48.99% |      478874     13.04%     62.03% |      469536     12.79%     74.82% |      465614     12.68%     87.50% |      459138     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      3671938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2295789     34.55%     34.55% |      512536      7.71%     42.26% |      512020      7.70%     49.96% |      535918      8.06%     58.03% |      582712      8.77%     66.80% |      543390      8.18%     74.97% |      544936      8.20%     83.17% |      541877      8.15%     91.33% |      576221      8.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      6645399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           5      0.00%      0.00% |      108342     15.36%     15.36% |      124758     17.69%     33.05% |       75354     10.68%     43.73% |       79196     11.23%     54.96% |       87253     12.37%     67.33% |       80347     11.39%     78.73% |       73440     10.41%     89.14% |       76597     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       705292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3628      0.37%      0.37% |       96654      9.83%     10.20% |      117617     11.96%     22.16% |       96960      9.86%     32.02% |      108530     11.04%     43.06% |      147284     14.98%     58.03% |      137936     14.03%     72.06% |      157478     16.01%     88.08% |      117261     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       983348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6593     12.87%     12.87% |        7179     14.02%     26.89% |        5768     11.26%     38.15% |        5970     11.66%     49.81% |        7104     13.87%     63.68% |        7028     13.72%     77.40% |        6786     13.25%     90.65% |        4791      9.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        51219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       11656      0.25%      0.25% |      570886     12.42%     12.67% |      582452     12.67%     25.34% |      576107     12.53%     37.87% |      594539     12.93%     50.80% |      573003     12.46%     63.26% |      547693     11.91%     75.18% |      566647     12.32%     87.50% |      574583     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4597566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          82      0.01%      0.01% |      148513     15.10%     15.11% |      130024     13.22%     28.33% |      121335     12.34%     40.67% |       96854      9.85%     50.52% |      118922     12.09%     62.62% |      140155     14.25%     76.87% |      114864     11.68%     88.55% |      112580     11.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       983329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2289158     66.92%     66.92% |      117459      3.43%     70.36% |      144941      4.24%     74.60% |      102375      2.99%     77.59% |      126408      3.70%     81.28% |      142388      4.16%     85.45% |      151508      4.43%     89.88% |      161761      4.73%     94.61% |      184534      5.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3420532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        7867      2.17%      2.17% |       44054     12.14%     14.31% |       45276     12.48%     26.78% |       38144     10.51%     37.29% |       39580     10.91%     48.20% |       45070     12.42%     60.62% |       47095     12.98%     73.59% |       47801     13.17%     86.76% |       48043     13.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       362930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         105      0.01%      0.01% |      216187     15.86%     15.87% |      227471     16.69%     32.56% |      163972     12.03%     44.59% |      144661     10.61%     55.20% |      168059     12.33%     67.53% |      178867     13.12%     80.66% |      141255     10.36%     91.02% |      122376      8.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      1362953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          79      0.01%      0.01% |      156421     15.35%     15.36% |      150625     14.78%     30.13% |      126744     12.44%     42.57% |      103444     10.15%     52.72% |      125158     12.28%     65.00% |      141812     13.91%     78.91% |      113741     11.16%     90.07% |      101155      9.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total      1019179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2295781     35.47%     35.47% |      489018      7.55%     43.02% |      480222      7.42%     50.44% |      516659      7.98%     58.42% |      562771      8.69%     67.12% |      520768      8.05%     75.16% |      524472      8.10%     83.26% |      523158      8.08%     91.35% |      560175      8.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      6473024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       11750      0.22%      0.22% |      675816     12.43%     12.65% |      680845     12.52%     25.17% |      677227     12.46%     37.63% |      677175     12.46%     50.08% |      678425     12.48%     62.56% |      678210     12.47%     75.03% |      678658     12.48%     87.52% |      678660     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5436766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2289146     88.53%     88.53% |       37769      1.46%     89.99% |       37954      1.47%     91.46% |       30034      1.16%     92.62% |       32499      1.26%     93.88% |       37619      1.45%     95.33% |       39806      1.54%     96.87% |       40137      1.55%     98.42% |       40792      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2585756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          50     12.50%     12.50% |          43     10.75%     23.25% |          50     12.50%     35.75% |          49     12.25%     48.00% |          51     12.75%     60.75% |          52     13.00%     73.75% |          52     13.00%     86.75% |          53     13.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       89825     15.83%     15.83% |       97102     17.11%     32.94% |       60317     10.63%     43.57% |       63045     11.11%     54.68% |       68705     12.11%     66.79% |       64268     11.33%     78.11% |       58988     10.40%     88.51% |       65209     11.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       567459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         405     16.73%     16.73% |         257     10.62%     27.34% |         361     14.91%     42.26% |         271     11.19%     53.45% |         254     10.49%     63.94% |         277     11.44%     75.38% |         270     11.15%     86.53% |         326     13.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         2421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22597     13.71%     13.71% |       30888     18.74%     32.44% |       18332     11.12%     43.57% |       18989     11.52%     55.08% |       21682     13.15%     68.24% |       19518     11.84%     80.08% |       17741     10.76%     90.84% |       15102      9.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       164849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           3     21.43%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79      0.01%      0.01% |      187636     13.28%     13.29% |      189660     13.42%     26.71% |      157079     11.12%     37.83% |      146526     10.37%     48.20% |      172441     12.21%     60.41% |      196528     13.91%     74.32% |      176952     12.53%     86.84% |      185879     13.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total      1412780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.11%      0.11% |         915     12.20%     12.30% |         909     12.12%     24.42% |         925     12.33%     36.75% |         950     12.66%     49.41% |         939     12.52%     61.93% |         945     12.60%     74.53% |         972     12.96%     87.48% |         939     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       39787     12.76%     12.76% |       39668     12.72%     25.49% |       31616     10.14%     35.63% |       34169     10.96%     46.59% |       39592     12.70%     59.29% |       41898     13.44%     72.73% |       42188     13.53%     86.26% |       42840     13.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       311761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           2      0.00%      0.00% |       38143     10.74%     10.74% |       38255     10.77%     21.51% |       31865      8.97%     30.48% |       39098     11.01%     41.49% |       42319     11.92%     53.41% |       48326     13.61%     67.02% |       52701     14.84%     81.86% |       64436     18.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total       355145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1828     11.85%     11.85% |        2224     14.42%     26.27% |        1543     10.00%     36.27% |        1729     11.21%     47.48% |        2027     13.14%     60.63% |        2079     13.48%     74.11% |        2008     13.02%     87.12% |        1986     12.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total        15424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        3629      0.39%      0.39% |       96462     10.43%     10.83% |      116804     12.63%     23.46% |       95164     10.29%     33.76% |      101851     11.02%     44.77% |      142519     15.42%     60.19% |      129422     14.00%     74.19% |      144950     15.68%     89.87% |       93672     10.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total       924473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |           8      0.11%      0.11% |         921     12.24%     12.34% |         910     12.09%     24.44% |         927     12.32%     36.75% |         952     12.65%     49.40% |         940     12.49%     61.89% |         946     12.57%     74.46% |         978     12.99%     87.46% |         944     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total         7526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        1511      0.03%      0.03% |      558709     12.58%     12.61% |      563370     12.68%     25.30% |      557024     12.54%     37.84% |      566524     12.75%     50.59% |      555224     12.50%     63.09% |      535383     12.05%     75.15% |      548959     12.36%     87.51% |      554970     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      4441674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        9385     12.26%     12.26% |        7577      9.90%     22.17% |        8565     11.19%     33.36% |        8543     11.16%     44.52% |        8806     11.51%     56.03% |        8776     11.47%     67.50% |        8254     10.79%     78.29% |        8423     11.01%     89.30% |        8191     10.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        76520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          96      0.12%      0.12% |        4416      5.74%      5.87% |       10218     13.29%     19.15% |       10365     13.48%     32.63% |       19003     24.71%     57.34% |        8834     11.49%     68.82% |        3882      5.05%     73.87% |        8832     11.48%     85.36% |       11263     14.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        76909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          73      1.91%      1.91% |         237      6.21%      8.13% |         451     11.82%     19.95% |        1588     41.63%     61.57% |          20      0.52%     62.10% |         262      6.87%     68.96% |         214      5.61%     74.57% |         552     14.47%     89.04% |         418     10.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         3815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        7709     21.28%     21.28% |        2718      7.50%     28.79% |        3728     10.29%     39.08% |        3626     10.01%     49.09% |        4006     11.06%     60.15% |        3900     10.77%     70.92% |        3627     10.01%     80.93% |        3541      9.78%     90.70% |        3367      9.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        36222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           5      6.10%      6.10% |           8      9.76%     15.85% |          13     15.85%     31.71% |           2      2.44%     34.15% |          28     34.15%     68.29% |           1      1.22%     69.51% |           3      3.66%     73.17% |          17     20.73%     93.90% |           5      6.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2287096     79.19%     79.19% |       78307      2.71%     81.90% |       46744      1.62%     83.52% |       83284      2.88%     86.40% |       71186      2.46%     88.87% |       60993      2.11%     90.98% |       89630      3.10%     94.08% |       78096      2.70%     96.79% |       92742      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2888078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1744     75.53%     75.53% |          69      2.99%     78.52% |          54      2.34%     80.86% |          73      3.16%     84.02% |          56      2.43%     86.44% |          36      1.56%     88.00% |          50      2.17%     90.17% |         165      7.15%     97.31% |          62      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         520      0.04%      0.04% |      190751     13.18%     13.22% |      220365     15.23%     28.44% |      147849     10.22%     38.66% |      150562     10.40%     49.06% |      191011     13.20%     62.26% |      188988     13.06%     75.32% |      181787     12.56%     87.88% |      175466     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      1447299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         254      0.08%      0.08% |       41263     12.88%     12.96% |       36836     11.50%     24.47% |       42059     13.13%     37.60% |       40657     12.70%     50.29% |       39531     12.34%     62.64% |       39766     12.42%     75.05% |       40478     12.64%     87.69% |       39414     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       320258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          54      3.12%      3.12% |         248     14.34%     17.46% |         251     14.51%     31.97% |         147      8.50%     40.46% |         168      9.71%     50.17% |         203     11.73%     61.91% |         237     13.70%     75.61% |         204     11.79%     87.40% |         218     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total         1730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         424      0.10%      0.10% |      101006     24.11%     24.21% |       85759     20.47%     44.68% |       70968     16.94%     61.63% |       21491      5.13%     66.76% |       26691      6.37%     73.13% |       39860      9.52%     82.64% |       27651      6.60%     89.24% |       45063     10.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total       418913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2288072     35.55%     35.55% |      486300      7.55%     43.10% |      476494      7.40%     50.50% |      513033      7.97%     58.47% |      558765      8.68%     67.16% |      516868      8.03%     75.19% |      520845      8.09%     83.28% |      519617      8.07%     91.35% |      556808      8.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6436802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      108342     15.36%     15.36% |      124758     17.69%     33.05% |       75353     10.68%     43.73% |       79196     11.23%     54.96% |       87253     12.37%     67.33% |       80347     11.39%     78.73% |       73439     10.41%     89.14% |       76597     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total       705285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3623      0.37%      0.37% |       96646      9.83%     10.20% |      117604     11.96%     22.16% |       96957      9.86%     32.02% |      108494     11.03%     43.05% |      147275     14.98%     58.03% |      137928     14.03%     72.06% |      157461     16.01%     88.07% |      117256     11.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       983244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4537     15.34%     15.34% |        3490     11.80%     27.14% |        3659     12.37%     39.51% |        3121     10.55%     50.06% |        3451     11.67%     61.72% |        3717     12.57%     74.29% |        3565     12.05%     86.34% |        4041     13.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total        29581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11656      0.25%      0.25% |      570886     12.42%     12.67% |      582452     12.67%     25.34% |      576107     12.53%     37.87% |      594539     12.93%     50.80% |      573003     12.46%     63.26% |      547693     11.91%     75.18% |      566647     12.32%     87.50% |      574583     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4597566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          82      0.01%      0.01% |      148513     15.10%     15.11% |      130024     13.22%     28.33% |      121335     12.34%     40.67% |       96854      9.85%     50.52% |      118922     12.09%     62.62% |      140155     14.25%     76.87% |      114864     11.68%     88.55% |      112580     11.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       983329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          12      0.00%      0.00% |       41705     10.59%     10.59% |       61981     15.74%     26.34% |       36443      9.26%     35.59% |       45706     11.61%     47.20% |       51754     13.14%     60.34% |       50913     12.93%     73.27% |       52570     13.35%     86.62% |       52665     13.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       393749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6593     12.87%     12.87% |        7179     14.02%     26.89% |        5768     11.26%     38.15% |        5970     11.66%     49.81% |        7104     13.87%     63.68% |        7028     13.72%     77.40% |        6786     13.25%     90.65% |        4791      9.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        51219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2289146     76.38%     76.38% |       71217      2.38%     78.75% |       79470      2.65%     81.40% |       62273      2.08%     83.48% |       77581      2.59%     86.07% |       87183      2.91%     88.98% |       96878      3.23%     92.21% |      105626      3.52%     95.74% |      127828      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2997202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2720     14.37%     14.37% |        2504     13.23%     27.60% |        2232     11.79%     39.39% |        2277     12.03%     51.42% |        2463     13.01%     64.43% |        2603     13.75%     78.18% |        2256     11.92%     90.10% |        1875      9.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        18930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39636      8.61%      8.61% |       48438     10.52%     19.14% |       37646      8.18%     27.32% |       50781     11.03%     38.35% |       56414     12.26%     50.61% |       63823     13.87%     64.47% |       72005     15.64%     80.12% |       91501     19.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total       460244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         105      0.01%      0.01% |      213467     15.88%     15.89% |      224967     16.74%     32.63% |      161740     12.03%     44.66% |      142384     10.59%     55.26% |      165596     12.32%     67.58% |      176264     13.11%     80.69% |      138999     10.34%     91.03% |      120501      8.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total      1344023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          79      0.01%      0.01% |      156421     15.35%     15.36% |      150625     14.78%     30.13% |      126744     12.44%     42.57% |      103444     10.15%     52.72% |      125158     12.28%     65.00% |      141812     13.91%     78.91% |      113741     11.16%     90.07% |      101155      9.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total      1019179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4537     15.34%     15.34% |        3490     11.80%     27.14% |        3659     12.37%     39.51% |        3121     10.55%     50.06% |        3451     11.67%     61.72% |        3717     12.57%     74.29% |        3565     12.05%     86.34% |        4041     13.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total        29581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2295781     35.47%     35.47% |      489017      7.55%     43.02% |      480222      7.42%     50.44% |      516655      7.98%     58.42% |      562771      8.69%     67.12% |      520768      8.05%     75.16% |      524469      8.10%     83.26% |      523158      8.08%     91.35% |      560175      8.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      6473016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     50.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       26859     13.00%     13.00% |       27279     13.20%     26.19% |       20205      9.78%     35.97% |       21865     10.58%     46.55% |       25220     12.20%     58.75% |       26765     12.95%     71.70% |       27333     13.23%     84.93% |       31149     15.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total       206675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.11%      0.11% |         915     12.20%     12.30% |         909     12.12%     24.42% |         925     12.33%     36.75% |         950     12.66%     49.41% |         939     12.52%     61.93% |         945     12.60%     74.53% |         972     12.96%     87.48% |         939     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       39787     12.76%     12.76% |       39668     12.72%     25.49% |       31616     10.14%     35.63% |       34169     10.96%     46.59% |       39592     12.70%     59.29% |       41898     13.44%     72.73% |       42188     13.53%     86.26% |       42840     13.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       311761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          11      0.00%      0.00% |       40702     12.75%     12.75% |       40577     12.71%     25.46% |       32541     10.19%     35.65% |       35119     11.00%     46.65% |       40531     12.70%     59.35% |       42843     13.42%     72.77% |       43160     13.52%     86.29% |       43779     13.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       319263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1683      1.49%      1.49% |        9030      7.97%      9.46% |       14591     12.88%     22.33% |       13691     12.08%     34.42% |       23755     20.97%     55.39% |       13447     11.87%     67.25% |        8292      7.32%     74.57% |       13144     11.60%     86.17% |       15664     13.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       113297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        9385     12.26%     12.26% |        7577      9.90%     22.17% |        8565     11.19%     33.36% |        8543     11.16%     44.52% |        8806     11.51%     56.03% |        8776     11.47%     67.50% |        8254     10.79%     78.29% |        8423     11.01%     89.30% |        8191     10.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        76520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          96      0.12%      0.12% |        4416      5.74%      5.87% |       10218     13.29%     19.15% |       10365     13.48%     32.63% |       19003     24.71%     57.34% |        8834     11.49%     68.82% |        3882      5.05%     73.87% |        8832     11.48%     85.36% |       11263     14.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        76909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        7798     19.43%     19.43% |        2963      7.38%     26.81% |        4192     10.45%     37.26% |        5217     13.00%     50.26% |        4054     10.10%     60.36% |        4163     10.37%     70.73% |        3844      9.58%     80.31% |        4111     10.24%     90.56% |        3790      9.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        40132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     42.11%     42.11% |           8     42.11%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        2206      0.15%      0.15% |      190431     13.17%     13.32% |      219912     15.21%     28.53% |      147536     10.20%     38.73% |      150211     10.39%     49.12% |      190671     13.19%     62.30% |      188630     13.04%     75.35% |      181422     12.55%     87.89% |      175054     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total      1446073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1744     75.53%     75.53% |          69      2.99%     78.52% |          54      2.34%     80.86% |          73      3.16%     84.02% |          56      2.43%     86.44% |          36      1.56%     88.00% |          50      2.17%     90.17% |         165      7.15%     97.31% |          62      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         520      0.04%      0.04% |      190751     13.18%     13.22% |      220365     15.23%     28.44% |      147849     10.22%     38.66% |      150562     10.40%     49.06% |      191011     13.20%     62.26% |      188988     13.06%     75.32% |      181787     12.56%     87.88% |      175466     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      1447299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          58      1.65%      1.65% |         389     11.06%     12.71% |         507     14.42%     27.13% |         386     10.98%     38.11% |         399     11.35%     49.46% |         368     10.47%     59.93% |         405     11.52%     71.44% |         530     15.07%     86.52% |         474     13.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total         3516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     42.11%     42.11% |           8     42.11%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     42.11%     42.11% |           8     42.11%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        7103160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3915774      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE      1428204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        6473022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2379233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1135392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       3842305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        3514625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data        1190655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       211592      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           3896      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         983329      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8613947      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      2390164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1452141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       327418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX        53863      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE       967960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2246011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       837125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2364692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       727119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       983329      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX       705292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      6473016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement        14486      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean       408247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      3514625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data        13459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          536      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          491      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data       193905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean       211018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         3324      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        38609      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      2351555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        18694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        38609      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1452141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS       113487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX       326235      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE       460107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      1021823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS       641033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX       449013      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      7592124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS       344299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX        92089      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE          134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data       930414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock        52878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data        52877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       930451      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
