
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.028564                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3028563503000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3028563503000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 155032                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   436799                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              262284308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11546.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1790136646                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5043657157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113245120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          113245120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     81161920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        81161920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1769455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1769455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1268155                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1268155                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     37392354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              37392354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26798817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             26798817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64191172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             64191172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1769455                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1268155                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1769455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1268155                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              113235136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                81160704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               113245120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             81161920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            110984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            110165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            111933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            112512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            111644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            108355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            110115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            108953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            107700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            111967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           112935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           111735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           109448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           110055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           110653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           110145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             78816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             78202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             79137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             79339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             78770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             79190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             79715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             79165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             78189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             80235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            80331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            80355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            79610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            79888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            79029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            78165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3028563201500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1769455                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1268155                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1601435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   65742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   46272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   27957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   14919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    8308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                    3990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  74903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  76542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  78017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  79003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  79474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  79707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  79742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  79696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  79513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  79520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  79504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  79548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  79631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  80168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  80069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       488368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    398.051830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   264.585428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   327.818335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       114114     23.37%     23.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        60900     12.47%     35.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       115811     23.71%     59.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        41706      8.54%     68.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35597      7.29%     75.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25777      5.28%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        17369      3.56%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12509      2.56%     86.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        64585     13.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       488368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        78903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.423672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.015700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1096.143028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383        78902    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         78903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        78903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.072089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.068048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.374059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            76062     96.40%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               17      0.02%     96.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2808      3.56%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         78903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  30891006813                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             64065363063                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 8846495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17459.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36209.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        37.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        26.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     37.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     26.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      22.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1399519                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1149547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     997021.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1841691600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1004891250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              6900355800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4097524320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         197811023280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         538827388560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1344482447250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2094965322060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            691.735662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2233218648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  101130380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  694214404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1850370480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1009626750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              6900168600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4119996960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         197811023280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         538515387090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1344756132750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2094962705910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            691.734798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2233674688250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  101130380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  693758364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 272                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6057127006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1673995286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4811387053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4537487046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281176                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    369491692                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4537487046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281176                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9554102607                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4529373848                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868397                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388796                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3840546616                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1441168360                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    725255881                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  440226295                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 285029586                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6057127005.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        610744660                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599461      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3492845884     72.60%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.47%     83.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91387989      1.90%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               440226295      9.15%     94.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              285029586      5.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4811387053                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6054346595                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5988193660.214414                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              66152934.785586                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.010927                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.989073                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6054223807                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5988195681.653005                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              66028125.346996                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.010906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.989094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6054958669                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5988188536.005494                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              66770132.994506                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.011027                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.988973                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6056744529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5988169714.426908                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              68574814.573091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.011322                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.988678                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6056479025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5988173377.002233                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              68305647.997768                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.011278                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.988722                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6056199003                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5988177373.084963                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              68021629.915037                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.011232                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.988768                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6054804516                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5988193608.480833                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              66610907.519166                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.011001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.988999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6054346002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   14517670                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     29033763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             21791563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    21791563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           38295446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          13006901                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            10720595                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           10714264                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5988199440.769187                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              66146561.230813                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.010925                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.989075                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          1845679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 14647022     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  29033763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               35776579                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.701995                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.285355                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    35776577    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 35776579                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3115544886                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000189                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000131                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.013759                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3114955000     99.98%     99.98% |      589886      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3115544886                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3115544886                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.116736                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.006890                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.434857                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3115394047    100.00%    100.00% |      116631      0.00%    100.00% |       32526      0.00%    100.00% |         975      0.00%    100.00% |         694      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3115544886                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3115544886                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.116736                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.006890                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          4.434857                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3115394047    100.00%    100.00% |      116631      0.00%    100.00% |       32526      0.00%    100.00% |         975      0.00%    100.00% |         694      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3115544886                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    722962894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2293049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    725255943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2184025410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         8141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2184033551                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      6706446                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       451137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     18623741                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      6705809                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       451774                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     18623776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      6705383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       452200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     18623779                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits      6707097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       450486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     18623753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits      6706967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses       450616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     18623766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          575                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits      6706642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses       450941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     18623772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits      6705510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses       452073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     18623721                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits      6705047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses       452536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     18623743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          598                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     18624341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2300865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2301190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         39522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       412215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       451737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         36686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       415653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       452339                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         40627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       412135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       452762                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         38870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       412204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       451074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits         38777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses       412414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses       451191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits         40196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses       411314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses       451510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits         39789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses       412904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses       452693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits         39864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses       413270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses       453134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3700205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1902769                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5602974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           127                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.199470                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2300865                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2308117                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2296048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2300847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2294786                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          997                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18406920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    166184424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18368384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18406776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    165224592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.025317                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       412215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        70940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       519652                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       284237                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       341625                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5498                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3707                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       567520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37414944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2273896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2733000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       395856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       266904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2121792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.027385                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       415653                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        74055                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       548625                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       338032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2       411710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        10028                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       325149                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3325224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       592440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39501000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2704256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3293680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       722016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       339480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2601192                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.020904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       412135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20212                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412156                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       280677                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274637                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5162                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6581                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       261895                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       161696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29675232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2245416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2197096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       371664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       473832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2095160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.021034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       412204                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23938                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412228                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       276692                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       257894                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       191504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29680416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2213536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2192496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       749808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2063152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.020823                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0       412414                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16983                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       283733                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274802                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5318                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3578                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      3299312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29695752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2269864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2198416                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       382896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       257616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2120192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.020957                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       411314                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412390                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       278025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       273705                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5316                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       259342                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3290512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       176768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29692080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2224200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2189640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       382752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       589824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2074736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.021106                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0       412904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17149                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       414239                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       285191                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       329699                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5359                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2892                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       266242                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      3303232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137192                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29825208                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2281528                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2637592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       385848                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       208224                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2129936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.022118                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0       413270                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       421827                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       329427                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2       391994                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6638                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       320572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      3306160                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30371544                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2635416                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3135952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       477936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       293832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2564576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.495868                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0      7372429                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2       189346                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8636562                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6267121                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4873081                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2343390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        44161                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2222339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0     58979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1514768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    621832464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     50136968                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38984648                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168724080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3179592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17778712                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.126807                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      1769455                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3037610                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1615395                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     14155640                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    218707920                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12923160                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.050111                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0      7372429                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2       259647                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8769876                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6267289                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4873081                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2343390                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        44161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2222339                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0     58979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2077176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    631431072                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     50138312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38984648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168724080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3179592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17778712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        22117287                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       708640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     26305723                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     33421110                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7162653                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      6667017                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        176938296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      5669120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1894012056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    267368880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    515711016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     53336136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.189915                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2300785                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2296017                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165656520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18368136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.209025                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2300865                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7332                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           31                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2300847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2294786                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          997                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18406920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       527904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18406776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    165224592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033445                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        70940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       270725                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       567520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29679408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2165800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017189                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       107438                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       341625                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5498                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3707                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7735536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2733000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       395856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       266904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2121792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        74055                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       335180                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       592440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29926944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2681440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020511                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       415653                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       132973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2852                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       411710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        10028                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       325149                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3325224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9574056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        22816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3293680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       722016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       339480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2601192                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032990                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20212                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412134                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267059                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       161696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29673648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2136472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008817                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13618                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274637                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5162                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6581                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       261895                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2197096                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       371664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       473832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2095160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032994                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23938                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412203                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       263182                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       191504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29678616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2105456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009073                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412204                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13510                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5285                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       257894                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3297632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2192496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       749808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2063152                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033011                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16983                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412413                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       270344                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135864                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29693736                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2162752                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008634                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412414                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13389                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       274802                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5318                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3578                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3299312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       107112                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2198416                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       382896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       257616                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2120192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032925                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411313                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       264661                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       176768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29614536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2117288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008989                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       411314                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1077                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13364                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       273705                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5316                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       259342                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3290512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        77544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       106912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2189640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       382752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       589824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2074736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033059                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17149                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412903                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271604                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137192                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29729016                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2172832                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009152                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       412904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1336                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13587                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       329699                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5359                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2892                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       266242                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3303232                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        96192                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108696                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2637592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       385848                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       208224                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2129936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033491                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10575                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413269                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       327213                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29755368                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2617704                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010744                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       413270                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8558                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2214                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       391994                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6638                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4081                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       320572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3306160                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       616176                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3135952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       477936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       293832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2564576                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.435880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      5602974                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1898835                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1527684                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4873081                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2343390                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        44161                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2222339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     44823792                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    136716120                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12221472                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38984648                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168724080                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3179592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17778712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.555856                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1769455                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       189346                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6737727                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4739437                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     14155640                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1514768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    485116344                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     37915496                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.110254                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1769455                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1268155                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       173620                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14155640                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     91307160                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1388960                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.143359                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1769455                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1441775                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    127400760                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11534200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.189915                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3699                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2300785                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2296017                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165656520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18368136                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.033445                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        70940                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412214                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       270725                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       567520                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29679408                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2165800                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.034258                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        74055                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415652                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       335180                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       592440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29926944                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2681440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.032990                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20212                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412134                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       267059                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       161696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29673648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2136472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.032994                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23938                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412203                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       263182                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       191504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29678616                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2105456                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.033011                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16983                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412413                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       270344                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135864                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29693736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2162752                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.032925                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       411313                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       264661                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       176768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29614536                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2117288                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.033059                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17149                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412903                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       271604                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137192                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29729016                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2172832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.033491                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10575                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413269                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       327213                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84600                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29755368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2617704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.435880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0      5602974                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1898835                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1527684                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4873081                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2343390                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        44161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2222339                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     44823792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    136716120                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12221472                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38984648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    168724080                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3179592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17778712                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.110254                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      1769455                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1268155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       173620                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     14155640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     91307160                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1388960                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      15041784                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.359742                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.016481                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    15041782    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        15041784                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      19557181                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.228415                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.390450                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    19236012     98.36%     98.36% |      304658      1.56%     99.92% |       15079      0.08%     99.99% |        1383      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        19557181                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1177614                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.165487                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.895498                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1138493     96.68%     96.68% |         372      0.03%     96.71% |       38638      3.28%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1177614                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        442804863                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.278739                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.026191                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           5.762302                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   442764043     99.99%     99.99% |       34624      0.01%    100.00% |        5347      0.00%    100.00% |         742      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          442804863                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    442804863                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.278739                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.026191                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       5.762302                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   442764043     99.99%     99.99% |       34624      0.01%    100.00% |        5347      0.00%    100.00% |         742      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      442804863                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        230997292                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            2.038080                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.043787                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          14.155533                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   230887337     99.95%     99.95% |       81963      0.04%     99.99% |       27166      0.01%    100.00% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |         588      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          230997292                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    230997292                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.038080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.043787                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      14.155533                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   230887337     99.95%     99.95% |       81963      0.04%     99.99% |       27166      0.01%    100.00% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |         588      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      230997292                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2333028279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000018                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.138805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2333027895    100.00%    100.00% |         320      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2333028279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2333028279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000018                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.138805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2333027895    100.00%    100.00% |         320      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2333028279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      2.716561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.230231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     7.333220                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         883     93.74%     93.74% |          56      5.94%     99.68% |           2      0.21%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     2.716561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.230231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     7.333220                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         883     93.74%     93.74% |          56      5.94%     99.68% |           2      0.21%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.101057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356737    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.101057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356737    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1769455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data         1268155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1769455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack      1268155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       173620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1769455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data       1268155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       173620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1769455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack      1268155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   385868711     87.14%     87.14% |     7117019      1.61%     88.75% |     7117019      1.61%     90.36% |     7117019      1.61%     91.96% |     7117019      1.61%     93.57% |     7117019      1.61%     95.18% |     7117019      1.61%     96.79% |     7117019      1.61%     98.39% |     7117019      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    442804863                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071598618624    100.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00% |    18624341      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071747614720                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   339387232     99.90%     99.90% |       40564      0.01%     99.92% |       40564      0.01%     99.93% |       40564      0.01%     99.94% |       40564      0.01%     99.95% |       40564      0.01%     99.96% |       40564      0.01%     99.98% |       40564      0.01%     99.99% |       40564      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    339711744                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11505      1.25%      1.25% |       98410     10.72%     11.97% |       33965      3.70%     15.67% |      138420     15.08%     30.75% |      138628     15.10%     45.85% |      138564     15.09%     60.95% |      138044     15.04%     75.99% |      137857     15.02%     91.00% |       82574      9.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       917967                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2288677     39.55%     39.55% |      427334      7.39%     46.94% |      422521      7.30%     54.24% |      442505      7.65%     61.89% |      440582      7.61%     69.50% |      440786      7.62%     77.12% |      441079      7.62%     84.74% |      442230      7.64%     92.38% |      440657      7.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      5786371                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |         108      0.01%      0.01% |       84085      9.76%      9.77% |        9164      1.06%     10.83% |      138153     16.03%     26.86% |      138146     16.03%     42.90% |      138144     16.03%     58.93% |      137611     15.97%     74.89% |      137559     15.96%     90.86% |       78785      9.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       861755                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2301082     45.51%     45.51% |      367652      7.27%     52.78% |      443175      8.77%     61.55% |      314609      6.22%     67.77% |      312928      6.19%     73.96% |      313047      6.19%     80.15% |      313899      6.21%     86.36% |      315134      6.23%     92.60% |      374349      7.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5055875                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        3782      0.10%      0.10% |      449847     12.48%     12.58% |      450486     12.50%     25.08% |      450905     12.51%     37.58% |      449200     12.46%     50.04% |      449328     12.46%     62.51% |      449657     12.47%     74.98% |      450784     12.50%     87.48% |      451247     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3605236                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        8141     63.51%     63.51% |         600      4.68%     68.19% |         565      4.41%     72.60% |         562      4.38%     76.99% |         588      4.59%     81.57% |         575      4.49%     86.06% |         569      4.44%     90.50% |         620      4.84%     95.33% |         598      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        12818                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2289187     99.55%     99.55% |        1289      0.06%     99.61% |        1287      0.06%     99.66% |        1294      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1287      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1288      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2299488                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           8      0.00%      0.00% |       74521      9.41%      9.41% |        4659      0.59%     10.00% |      128677     16.25%     26.25% |      128651     16.25%     42.50% |      128672     16.25%     58.75% |      128128     16.18%     74.93% |      127908     16.15%     91.08% |       70612      8.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       791836                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     3776322     14.17%     14.17% |     3063028     11.49%     25.65% |      261170      0.98%     26.63% |     3442636     12.91%     39.55% |     3442631     12.91%     52.46% |     3442663     12.91%     65.37% |     3438972     12.90%     78.27% |     3436078     12.89%     91.16% |     2355970      8.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     26659470                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         360      0.00%      0.00% |    18623693     12.50%     12.50% |    18623716     12.50%     25.00% |    18623779     12.50%     37.50% |    18623753     12.50%     50.00% |    18623766     12.50%     62.50% |    18623772     12.50%     75.00% |    18623702     12.50%     87.50% |    18623728     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    148990269                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           88                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2      0.01%      0.01% |        5646     14.58%     14.58% |         958      2.47%     17.06% |        5561     14.36%     31.41% |        5564     14.37%     45.78% |        5556     14.35%     60.12% |        5567     14.37%     74.50% |        5622     14.52%     89.01% |        4255     10.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        38731                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          17      0.00%      0.00% |       78040      9.52%      9.52% |        7812      0.95%     10.48% |      132193     16.13%     26.60% |      132165     16.12%     42.73% |      132176     16.13%     58.86% |      131625     16.06%     74.92% |      131470     16.04%     90.96% |       74133      9.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       819631                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    54310352     64.20%     64.20% |     3583722      4.24%     68.43% |     6385045      7.55%     75.98% |     3203272      3.79%     79.77% |     3204994      3.79%     83.56% |     3204592      3.79%     87.34% |     3208074      3.79%     91.14% |     3209964      3.79%     94.93% |     4289604      5.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     84599619                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071598608384    100.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071598608384                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2139     70.13%     70.13% |         116      3.80%     73.93% |         111      3.64%     77.57% |         106      3.48%     81.05% |         120      3.93%     84.98% |         110      3.61%     88.59% |         113      3.70%     92.30% |         119      3.90%     96.20% |         116      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         3050                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7790      9.42%      9.42% |       18112     21.90%     31.32% |       28227     34.13%     65.45% |        4063      4.91%     70.36% |        4289      5.19%     75.55% |        4216      5.10%     80.64% |        4232      5.12%     85.76% |        4201      5.08%     90.84% |        7576      9.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        82706                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |        1343      0.05%      0.05% |      348052     13.04%     13.09% |      413465     15.49%     28.58% |      309064     11.58%     40.16% |      307170     11.51%     51.66% |      307365     11.51%     63.18% |      308208     11.55%     74.72% |      309512     11.59%     86.32% |      365285     13.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      2669464                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   327778255     99.95%     99.95% |       20422      0.01%     99.96% |       20318      0.01%     99.96% |       20206      0.01%     99.97% |       20194      0.01%     99.98% |       20436      0.01%     99.98% |       20316      0.01%     99.99% |       20193      0.01%     99.99% |       20198      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    327940538                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   337095826     99.91%     99.91% |       39158      0.01%     99.92% |       39165      0.01%     99.93% |       39163      0.01%     99.94% |       39158      0.01%     99.95% |       39166      0.01%     99.97% |       39167      0.01%     99.98% |       39156      0.01%     99.99% |       39159      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    337409118                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3705     78.93%     78.93% |         131      2.79%     81.72% |         121      2.58%     84.30% |         119      2.54%     86.83% |         124      2.64%     89.48% |         120      2.56%     92.03% |         117      2.49%     94.52% |         126      2.68%     97.21% |         131      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         4694                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2287317     99.57%     99.57% |        1242      0.05%     99.62% |        1244      0.05%     99.67% |        1248      0.05%     99.73% |        1247      0.05%     99.78% |        1245      0.05%     99.84% |        1246      0.05%     99.89% |        1248      0.05%     99.95% |        1239      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      2297276                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         108      0.01%      0.01% |       84085      9.76%      9.77% |        9164      1.06%     10.83% |      138153     16.03%     26.86% |      138146     16.03%     42.90% |      138144     16.03%     58.93% |      137611     15.97%     74.89% |      137559     15.96%     90.86% |       78785      9.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       861755                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11815      0.43%      0.43% |      366362     13.29%     13.72% |      441887     16.03%     29.75% |      313314     11.37%     41.12% |      311642     11.31%     52.43% |      311759     11.31%     63.74% |      312615     11.34%     75.08% |      313845     11.39%     86.47% |      373060     13.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2756299                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2289187     99.55%     99.55% |        1289      0.06%     99.61% |        1287      0.06%     99.66% |        1294      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1287      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1288      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2299488                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       11923      0.33%      0.33% |      450447     12.45%     12.78% |      451051     12.47%     25.25% |      451467     12.48%     37.72% |      449788     12.43%     50.16% |      449903     12.43%     62.59% |      450226     12.44%     75.03% |      451404     12.48%     87.51% |      451845     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3618054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2289267     99.55%     99.55% |        1290      0.06%     99.61% |        1288      0.06%     99.66% |        1295      0.06%     99.72% |        1286      0.06%     99.78% |        1288      0.06%     99.83% |        1284      0.06%     99.89% |        1289      0.06%     99.94% |        1289      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2299576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2288660     46.08%     46.08% |      349294      7.03%     53.11% |      414709      8.35%     61.46% |      310312      6.25%     67.71% |      308417      6.21%     73.92% |      308610      6.21%     80.13% |      309454      6.23%     86.36% |      310760      6.26%     92.62% |      366524      7.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      4966740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        3705     78.93%     78.93% |         131      2.79%     81.72% |         121      2.58%     84.30% |         119      2.54%     86.83% |         124      2.64%     89.48% |         120      2.56%     92.03% |         117      2.49%     94.52% |         126      2.68%     97.21% |         131      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         4694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          32      0.02%      0.02% |       17219     13.22%     13.25% |        7568      5.81%     19.06% |       20199     15.51%     34.57% |       23924     18.37%     52.93% |       16967     13.03%     65.96% |       21556     16.55%     82.51% |       16479     12.65%     95.17% |        6295      4.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       130239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22290      1.27%      1.27% |      168850      9.60%     10.87% |       28910      1.64%     12.51% |      276370     15.72%     28.23% |      274578     15.62%     43.85% |      275912     15.69%     59.54% |      275636     15.68%     75.21% |      275316     15.66%     90.87% |      160532      9.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1758394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |         720      0.93%      0.93% |       27970     36.07%     37.00% |       39020     50.32%     87.32% |         470      0.61%     87.93% |        2678      3.45%     91.38% |        1216      1.57%     92.95% |         452      0.58%     93.53% |         398      0.51%     94.05% |        4616      5.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        77540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2296656     41.62%     41.62% |      404343      7.33%     48.94% |      406019      7.36%     56.30% |      401288      7.27%     63.57% |      396405      7.18%     70.76% |      404165      7.32%     78.08% |      398870      7.23%     85.31% |      405778      7.35%     92.66% |      404935      7.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5518459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           4     13.79%     20.69% |           3     10.34%     31.03% |           4     13.79%     44.83% |           3     10.34%     55.17% |           4     13.79%     68.97% |           3     10.34%     79.31% |           4     13.79%     93.10% |           2      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3665      2.83%      2.83% |       53717     41.52%     44.35% |       66489     51.39%     95.74% |           9      0.01%     95.75% |          11      0.01%     95.75% |          12      0.01%     95.76% |         537      0.42%     96.18% |         666      0.51%     96.69% |        4278      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       129384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       11561      0.47%      0.47% |      327077     13.38%     13.85% |      406051     16.61%     30.47% |      272687     11.16%     41.62% |      272773     11.16%     52.78% |      272982     11.17%     63.95% |      272419     11.15%     75.10% |      274060     11.21%     86.31% |      334571     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2444181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          75      0.06%      0.06% |       13258     10.25%     10.31% |        4371      3.38%     13.68% |         655      0.51%     14.19% |           3      0.00%     14.19% |         532      0.41%     14.60% |           2      0.00%     14.61% |       54350     42.01%     56.61% |       56134     43.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       129380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2289148     75.57%     75.57% |       71878      2.37%     77.94% |        5229      0.17%     78.11% |      138792      4.58%     82.69% |      139426      4.60%     87.30% |      138899      4.59%     91.88% |      138891      4.58%     96.47% |       84492      2.79%     99.26% |       22563      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3029318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        7800      0.85%      0.85% |       98279     10.76%     11.62% |       33844      3.71%     15.32% |      138301     15.14%     30.46% |      138504     15.17%     45.63% |      138444     15.16%     60.79% |      137927     15.10%     75.89% |      137731     15.08%     90.97% |       82443      9.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       913273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         153     95.03%     95.03% |           1      0.62%     95.65% |           1      0.62%     96.27% |           1      0.62%     96.89% |           1      0.62%     97.52% |           1      0.62%     98.14% |           1      0.62%     98.76% |           1      0.62%     99.38% |           1      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          81     85.26%     85.26% |           2      2.11%     87.37% |           2      2.11%     89.47% |           1      1.05%     90.53% |           2      2.11%     92.63% |           1      1.05%     93.68% |           2      2.11%     95.79% |           2      2.11%     97.89% |           2      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2295783     50.28%     50.28% |      270722      5.93%     56.21% |      335177      7.34%     63.55% |      267057      5.85%     69.40% |      263179      5.76%     75.17% |      270342      5.92%     81.09% |      264658      5.80%     86.88% |      271601      5.95%     92.83% |      327210      7.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4565729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       11653      0.35%      0.35% |      410925     12.44%     12.79% |      414365     12.54%     25.34% |      410840     12.44%     37.77% |      410918     12.44%     50.21% |      411126     12.45%     62.66% |      410030     12.41%     75.07% |      411615     12.46%     87.53% |      411981     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3303453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2289131     99.55%     99.55% |        1289      0.06%     99.61% |        1287      0.06%     99.66% |        1294      0.06%     99.72% |        1285      0.06%     99.78% |        1287      0.06%     99.83% |        1283      0.06%     99.89% |        1288      0.06%     99.94% |        1288      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2299432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13430     16.27%     16.27% |        2015      2.44%     18.71% |       13435     16.27%     34.98% |       12208     14.79%     49.77% |       12800     15.50%     65.27% |       13194     15.98%     81.25% |       13436     16.27%     97.52% |        2044      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        82562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          80     90.91%     90.91% |           1      1.14%     92.05% |           1      1.14%     93.18% |           1      1.14%     94.32% |           1      1.14%     95.45% |           1      1.14%     96.59% |           1      1.14%     97.73% |           1      1.14%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |       80151      9.67%      9.67% |        5606      0.68%     10.34% |      134229     16.19%     26.54% |      133223     16.07%     42.60% |      133820     16.14%     58.74% |      133685     16.12%     74.87% |      133522     16.11%     90.97% |       74826      9.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       829070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           2      0.13%      0.13% |          16      1.07%      1.21% |           6      0.40%      1.61% |           9      0.60%      2.21% |         992     66.49%     68.70% |         408     27.35%     96.05% |          10      0.67%     96.72% |           8      0.54%     97.25% |          41      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          12      0.48%      0.48% |         237      9.56%     10.04% |         850     34.29%     44.33% |           0      0.00%     44.33% |           1      0.04%     44.37% |           0      0.00%     44.37% |           0      0.00%     44.37% |           4      0.16%     44.53% |        1375     55.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         2479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          16      1.00%      1.00% |          26      1.63%      2.63% |          42      2.63%      5.26% |          17      1.06%      6.32% |         999     62.52%     68.84% |         417     26.10%     94.93% |          21      1.31%     96.25% |          16      1.00%     97.25% |          44      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total         1598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         873      0.09%      0.09% |      133619     14.03%     14.12% |       70840      7.44%     21.55% |      134229     14.09%     35.64% |      133224     13.98%     49.62% |      133821     14.05%     63.67% |      134210     14.09%     77.76% |      134175     14.08%     91.84% |       77725      8.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       952716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        1491      0.06%      0.06% |      308903     13.10%     13.16% |      377689     16.01%     29.17% |      268595     11.39%     40.56% |      268389     11.38%     51.94% |      268631     11.39%     63.32% |      268157     11.37%     74.69% |      269986     11.45%     86.14% |      326948     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2358789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        9397     19.75%     19.75% |        4167      8.76%     28.51% |        8796     18.49%     46.99% |        3837      8.06%     55.05% |        4008      8.42%     63.48% |        4102      8.62%     72.10% |        4042      8.49%     80.59% |        3911      8.22%     88.81% |        5324     11.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        47584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          22      0.06%      0.06% |       13932     38.05%     38.11% |       19489     53.22%     91.33% |         171      0.47%     91.80% |         310      0.85%     92.64% |         178      0.49%     93.13% |         155      0.42%     93.55% |         147      0.40%     93.95% |        2214      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        36618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     47.62%     47.62% |          10     47.62%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          15      0.78%      0.78% |          56      2.92%      3.70% |         795     41.47%     45.17% |         166      8.66%     53.83% |         303     15.81%     69.64% |         172      8.97%     78.61% |         149      7.77%     86.38% |         135      7.04%     93.43% |         126      6.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        7720     17.13%     17.13% |        4062      9.01%     26.14% |        8695     19.29%     45.43% |        3741      8.30%     53.72% |        3898      8.65%     62.37% |        4003      8.88%     71.25% |        3939      8.74%     79.99% |        3802      8.43%     88.42% |        5218     11.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        45078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           6      0.02%      0.02% |       13864     40.00%     40.02% |       18678     53.89%     93.90% |           3      0.01%     93.91% |           6      0.02%     93.93% |           4      0.01%     93.94% |           5      0.01%     93.95% |          10      0.03%     93.98% |        2086      6.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total        34662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2287169     87.70%     87.70% |       40391      1.55%     89.25% |       37015      1.42%     90.67% |       41717      1.60%     92.27% |       40028      1.53%     93.80% |       39979      1.53%     95.34% |       41297      1.58%     96.92% |       40774      1.56%     98.48% |       39576      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2607946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1740     68.42%     68.42% |         107      4.21%     72.63% |          53      2.08%     74.71% |         119      4.68%     79.39% |          58      2.28%     81.68% |          34      1.34%     83.01% |          91      3.58%     86.59% |         225      8.85%     95.44% |         116      4.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         336     50.91%     50.91% |          37      5.61%     56.52% |          15      2.27%     58.79% |          55      8.33%     67.12% |          37      5.61%     72.73% |          22      3.33%     76.06% |          61      9.24%     85.30% |          44      6.67%     91.97% |          53      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         254      0.08%      0.08% |       39275     12.58%     12.67% |       35826     11.48%     24.14% |       40627     13.02%     37.16% |       38869     12.45%     49.62% |       38777     12.42%     62.04% |       40196     12.88%     74.92% |       39785     12.75%     87.67% |       38488     12.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       312097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |           1      0.00%      0.00% |        3707      8.39%      8.40% |        4715     10.68%     19.07% |        6581     14.90%     33.98% |       10414     23.58%     57.56% |        3578      8.10%     65.66% |        8192     18.55%     84.21% |        2892      6.55%     90.76% |        4081      9.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        44161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2288063     50.61%     50.61% |      266660      5.90%     56.51% |      326482      7.22%     63.73% |      263316      5.82%     69.56% |      259281      5.74%     75.29% |      266339      5.89%     81.19% |      260719      5.77%     86.95% |      267799      5.92%     92.88% |      321992      7.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4520651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           3     11.54%     42.31% |           3     11.54%     53.85% |           4     15.38%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           3     11.54%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3659      3.86%      3.86% |       39853     42.08%     45.94% |       47807     50.47%     96.41% |           6      0.01%     96.42% |           5      0.01%     96.42% |           8      0.01%     96.43% |         532      0.56%     96.99% |         656      0.69%     97.69% |        2192      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        94718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11561      0.47%      0.47% |      327077     13.38%     13.85% |      406051     16.61%     30.47% |      272687     11.16%     41.62% |      272773     11.16%     52.78% |      272982     11.17%     63.95% |      272419     11.15%     75.10% |      274060     11.21%     86.31% |      334571     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2444181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          75      0.06%      0.06% |       13258     10.25%     10.31% |        4371      3.38%     13.68% |         655      0.51%     14.19% |           3      0.00%     14.19% |         532      0.41%     14.60% |           2      0.00%     14.61% |       54350     42.01%     56.61% |       56134     43.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       129380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          18      0.00%      0.00% |       70590      9.67%      9.67% |        3943      0.54%     10.21% |      137498     18.84%     29.05% |      138142     18.93%     47.98% |      137612     18.85%     66.83% |      137609     18.85%     85.69% |       83205     11.40%     97.09% |       21276      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       729893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2289130     99.55%     99.55% |        1288      0.06%     99.61% |        1286      0.06%     99.66% |        1294      0.06%     99.72% |        1284      0.06%     99.78% |        1287      0.06%     99.83% |        1282      0.06%     99.89% |        1287      0.06%     99.94% |        1287      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2299425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         153     95.03%     95.03% |           1      0.62%     95.65% |           1      0.62%     96.27% |           1      0.62%     96.89% |           1      0.62%     97.52% |           1      0.62%     98.14% |           1      0.62%     98.76% |           1      0.62%     99.38% |           1      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          81     85.26%     85.26% |           2      2.11%     87.37% |           2      2.11%     89.47% |           1      1.05%     90.53% |           2      2.11%     92.63% |           1      1.05%     93.68% |           2      2.11%     95.79% |           2      2.11%     97.89% |           2      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2295783     50.28%     50.28% |      270722      5.93%     56.21% |      335177      7.34%     63.55% |      267057      5.85%     69.40% |      263179      5.76%     75.17% |      270342      5.92%     81.09% |      264658      5.80%     86.88% |      271601      5.95%     92.83% |      327210      7.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4565729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.00%      0.00% |       80151      9.67%      9.67% |        5606      0.68%     10.34% |      134229     16.19%     26.54% |      133223     16.07%     42.60% |      133820     16.14%     58.74% |      133685     16.12%     74.87% |      133522     16.11%     90.97% |       74826      9.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       829070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           2      0.13%      0.13% |          16      1.07%      1.21% |           6      0.40%      1.61% |           9      0.60%      2.21% |         992     66.49%     68.70% |         408     27.35%     96.05% |          10      0.67%     96.72% |           8      0.54%     97.25% |          41      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          10      0.00%      0.00% |       80167      9.65%      9.65% |        5612      0.68%     10.33% |      134238     16.16%     26.49% |      134215     16.16%     42.65% |      134228     16.16%     58.81% |      133695     16.10%     74.91% |      133530     16.08%     90.99% |       74867      9.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       830562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1677     66.65%     66.65% |         107      4.25%     70.91% |         102      4.05%     74.96% |          97      3.86%     78.82% |         111      4.41%     83.23% |         101      4.01%     87.24% |         104      4.13%     91.38% |         110      4.37%     95.75% |         107      4.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        9397     19.75%     19.75% |        4167      8.76%     28.51% |        8796     18.49%     46.99% |        3837      8.06%     55.05% |        4008      8.42%     63.48% |        4102      8.62%     72.10% |        4042      8.49%     80.59% |        3911      8.22%     88.81% |        5324     11.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        47584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          22      0.06%      0.06% |       13932     38.05%     38.11% |       19489     53.22%     91.33% |         171      0.47%     91.80% |         310      0.85%     92.64% |         178      0.49%     93.13% |         155      0.42%     93.55% |         147      0.40%     93.95% |        2214      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        36618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        7742      9.48%      9.48% |       17992     22.03%     31.51% |       28178     34.50%     66.00% |        3911      4.79%     70.79% |        4207      5.15%     75.94% |        4179      5.12%     81.06% |        4093      5.01%     86.07% |        3948      4.83%     90.90% |        7431      9.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        81681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        2028     93.11%     93.11% |          24      1.10%     94.21% |          19      0.87%     95.09% |          22      1.01%     96.10% |          13      0.60%     96.69% |          19      0.87%     97.57% |          13      0.60%     98.16% |          16      0.73%     98.90% |          24      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1740     68.42%     68.42% |         107      4.21%     72.63% |          53      2.08%     74.71% |         119      4.68%     79.39% |          58      2.28%     81.68% |          34      1.34%     83.01% |          91      3.58%     86.59% |         225      8.85%     95.44% |         116      4.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         336     50.91%     50.91% |          37      5.61%     56.52% |          15      2.27%     58.79% |          55      8.33%     67.12% |          37      5.61%     72.73% |          22      3.33%     76.06% |          61      9.24%     85.30% |          44      6.67%     91.97% |          53      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          48      4.68%      4.68% |         120     11.71%     16.39% |          49      4.78%     21.17% |         152     14.83%     36.00% |          82      8.00%     44.00% |          37      3.61%     47.61% |         139     13.56%     61.17% |         253     24.68%     85.85% |         145     14.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total         1025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Inv |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3321280      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2299437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        4565729      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1267556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       174219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1769455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1441775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          38969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       134572      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              70228      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          15681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         129380      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      4743701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       307205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1462250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       722103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         2320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        11444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2140861      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       837146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1264517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       117416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       129380      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      4565729      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        45359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1441775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        43470      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          59394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        11444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack          10834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         2320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS         3885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       303320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         3885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1462250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           95      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      4743606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS        17641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        38160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        90472      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          547      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       128632      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
