
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.524134                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1524133996000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1524133996000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 160851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   451218                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              271548878                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1098360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5612.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   902812730                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2532571131                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50116032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           50116032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8105088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8105088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       783063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              783063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       126642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             126642                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32881644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              32881644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5317832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5317832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38199476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             38199476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      783063                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     126642                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    783063                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   126642                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               50116032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8103552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                50116032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8105088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             48690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             48638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             48536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             48456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             49137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             49060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             49228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             49229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             48721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             49250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            49058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            49467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            48986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            49313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            48798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            48496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              7464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              7882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              7741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             7999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             7826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             7508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1524133901500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                783063                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               126642                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  776418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    5742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   6715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   7929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   7976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   7955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   7977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   7943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   7941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       130201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    447.133401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   362.272455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   274.854962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7834      6.02%      6.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8113      6.23%     12.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53752     41.28%     53.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12460      9.57%     63.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13029     10.01%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11170      8.58%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8401      6.45%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5741      4.41%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9701      7.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       130201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      99.256560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.566963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   6749.136952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-32767         7888     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::589824-622591            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.049943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.046941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.323662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7701     97.62%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              172      2.18%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.18%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7170372925                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             21852804175                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3915315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9156.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27906.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        32.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     32.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       5.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   663906                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  115561                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1675415.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                493849440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                269461500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3049363200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404164080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          99548585760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         274861834650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         673369659000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1051996917630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            690.228922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1118785725251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   50893960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  354447880999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                490281120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                267514500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3057982200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              416113200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          99548585760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         274879985445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         673353729000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1052014191225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            690.240262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1118753027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   50893960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  354480655000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 156                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3048267992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  844742066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2416436103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2279496609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              58138100                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   81530204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    186293276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2279496609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     58138100                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         4801627520                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2272299320                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            93430223                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           45692960                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1929467095                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          723650023                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    367279201                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  223213938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 144065263                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3048267991.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        306909715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             47297326      1.96%      1.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1752543308     72.53%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     387      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                203623708      8.43%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               45692173      1.89%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               223213938      9.24%     94.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              144065263      5.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2416436103                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3047974280                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14517666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     29033757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             21791557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    21791557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           38295436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          13006896                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2985673342.506393                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              62300937.493606                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.020440                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.979560                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14647016     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  29033757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3046451827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   14517666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29033757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             21791557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    21791557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           38295436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          13006896                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2985704291.097080                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              60747535.902920                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.019940                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.980060                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 14647016     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  29033757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3045336626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   14517666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     29033757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             21791557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    21791557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           38295436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          13006896                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2985726109.614326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              59610516.385673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.019574                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.980426                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14647016     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  29033757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      3047517965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   14517666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     29033757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             21791557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              14221533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      1783388                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    21791557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     14221533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           38295436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          13006896                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            21544607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           14201308                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            10720594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           10714260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                      7083855                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    7043298                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                     40557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              2985685047.747060                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              61832917.252940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.020290                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.979710                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          1845678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 14647016     50.45%     50.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   60671      0.21%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     50.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                7242199     24.94%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 7043298     24.26%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                  40557      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  29033757                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16475114                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.669671                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.242227                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16475111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16475114                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1571712681                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000188                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000130                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.013698                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1571417707     99.98%     99.98% |      294974      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1571712681                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1571712681                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.095369                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.006461                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              3.576508                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1571680961    100.00%    100.00% |       17735      0.00%    100.00% |       13897      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1571712681                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1571712681                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.095369                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.006461                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          3.576508                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  1571680961    100.00%    100.00% |       17735      0.00%    100.00% |       13897      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1571712681                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    366133463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      1145800                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    367279263                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1101302483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         3259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1101305742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      6712145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       445438                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     18624053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     18624336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      6712342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       445241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     18624056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     18624336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      6709940                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       447643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     18624056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     18624336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits      6712468                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       445115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses      7157583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     18624053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     18624336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      1148890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1149059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         72192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       373529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       445721                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         72194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       373327                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       445521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         74551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       373372                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       447923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         72022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       373376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       445398                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1726752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       915742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2642494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.198317                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      1148890                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7780                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1164362                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1140010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1148879                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1139508                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          375                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      9191120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        62240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     83834064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9120080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9191032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82044576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.036739                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       373529                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2       239776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3287                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       235371                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26896824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1909504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1918208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       236664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1882968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.047753                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       373327                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        64245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       501755                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       239487                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       363600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3335                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       513960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36126360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1915896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2908800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       240120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1888968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.048173                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       373372                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        59794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       492899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       303673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       371317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       300403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       478352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35488728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2429384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2970536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       233280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2403224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.037397                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       373376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1057                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375131                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238582                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       303834                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3359                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          153                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       235195                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      2987008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27009432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1908656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2430672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       241848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1881560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.423419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      3425557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       132919                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3552100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2289040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2427406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1152729                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1007465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     27404456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1063352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    255751200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18312320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19419248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82996488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8059720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.074626                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       783063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       909705                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       128764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      6264504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     65498760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1030112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.072202                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      3425557                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       132976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3684779                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2289122                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2427406                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1152729                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1007465                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0     27404456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1063808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    265304088                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18312976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19419248                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82996488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8059720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        10276671                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       398871                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11054298                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     14149584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3458844                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3022395                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         82213368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3190968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    795909456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    113196672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    249036768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     24179160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.188425                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7780                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1148847                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1140001                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        62240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82716984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9120008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.208208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1148890                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15515                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1148879                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1139508                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          375                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      9191120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1117080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9191032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82044576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.059058                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238661                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26894016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1909288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014420                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373529                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       239776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3287                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       235371                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2988232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1918208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       236664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1882968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.060094                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        64245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373326                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       239459                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       513960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26879472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1915672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035413                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373327                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       128429                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       363600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3335                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       236121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9246888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2908800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       240120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1888968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        59794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373371                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       303645                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       478352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26882712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2429160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035266                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373372                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       119528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       371317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       300403                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2986976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8606016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2970536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       233280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2403224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.059050                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1057                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373375                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26883000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1908456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       373376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       303834                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3359                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          153                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       235195                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2987008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       126432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2430672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       241848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1881560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.407163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2642494                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       915690                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       127738                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2427406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1152729                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1007465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     21139952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     65929680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1021904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19419248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82996488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8059720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.439675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       783063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       132919                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2636410                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2161302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6264504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1063352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189821520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     17290416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031557                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       783063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126642                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6264504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9118224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         8488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.117694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       783063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       127703                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56380536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1021624                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.link_utilization     0.188425                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7780                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1148847                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1140001                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        62240                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82716984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9120008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.link_utilization     0.059058                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238661                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26894016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1909288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.link_utilization     0.060094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        64245                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373326                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       239459                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       513960                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26879472                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1915672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.link_utilization     0.061080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2        59794                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373371                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       303645                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       478352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26882712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2429160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.link_utilization     0.059050                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1057                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       373375                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       238557                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26883000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1908456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.link_utilization     0.407163                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      2642494                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       915690                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       127738                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2427406                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1152729                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1007465                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     21139952                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     65929680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1021904                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19419248                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82996488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8059720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.link_utilization     0.031557                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       783063                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126642                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1061                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      6264504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9118224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         8488                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       7230094                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.329137                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.027630                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7230091    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         7230094                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8780039                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.160676                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.113277                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8600835     97.96%     97.96% |       26089      0.30%     98.26% |      152110      1.73%     99.99% |         619      0.01%    100.00% |         379      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8780039                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        464981                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.026635                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.364670                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      462463     99.46%     99.46% |          85      0.02%     99.48% |        2428      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          464981                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        224506371                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.169178                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.023311                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           2.817157                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   224500732    100.00%    100.00% |        2083      0.00%    100.00% |        1495      0.00%    100.00% |        1609      0.00%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          224506371                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    224506371                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.169178                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.023311                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       2.817157                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   224500732    100.00%    100.00% |        2083      0.00%    100.00% |        1495      0.00%    100.00% |        1609      0.00%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      224506371                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        117052373                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.953869                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.043039                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          12.466136                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   117024251     99.98%     99.98% |       14606      0.01%     99.99% |       13467      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          117052373                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    117052373                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.953869                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.043039                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      12.466136                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   117024251     99.98%     99.98% |       14606      0.01%     99.99% |       13467      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      117052373                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   1175803086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000014                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.167527                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  1175802744    100.00%    100.00% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     1175803086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   1175803086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000014                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.167527                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  1175802744    100.00%    100.00% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   1175803086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      2.325620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.167106                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     7.134569                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         578     95.54%     95.54% |          24      3.97%     99.50% |           2      0.33%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     2.325620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.167106                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     7.134569                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         578     95.54%     95.54% |          24      3.97%     99.50% |           2      0.33%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000195                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.137962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    27175117    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000195                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.137962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    27175117    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27175123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27175123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch         783063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          126642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       783063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       126642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement         1061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch       783063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        126642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement         1061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data       783063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       126642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   196038295     87.32%     87.32% |     7117019      3.17%     90.49% |     7117019      3.17%     93.66% |     7117019      3.17%     96.83% |     7117019      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    224506371                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1101305742     93.66%     93.66% |    18624336      1.58%     95.25% |    18624336      1.58%     96.83% |    18624336      1.58%     98.42% |    18624336      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1175803086                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   171240968     99.91%     99.91% |       40564      0.02%     99.93% |       40564      0.02%     99.95% |       40564      0.02%     99.98% |       40564      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    171403224                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4364      1.31%      1.31% |      128738     38.78%     40.09% |       63606     19.16%     59.25% |        7566      2.28%     61.53% |      127731     38.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       332005                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1143486     39.36%     39.36% |      440451     15.16%     54.51% |      440340     15.16%     69.67% |      441119     15.18%     84.85% |      440116     15.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      2905512                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          57      0.02%      0.02% |      134638     38.53%     38.55% |       69494     19.89%     58.44% |       11472      3.28%     61.72% |      133755     38.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       349416                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1149002     44.46%     44.46% |      311083     12.04%     56.50% |      376027     14.55%     71.05% |      436451     16.89%     87.94% |      311643     12.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2584206                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        1445      0.08%      0.08% |      444160     24.96%     25.04% |      443960     24.94%     49.98% |      446359     25.08%     75.06% |      443834     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1779758                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        3259     74.32%     74.32% |         283      6.45%     80.78% |         280      6.39%     87.16% |         280      6.39%     93.55% |         283      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         4385                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1144312     99.55%     99.55% |        1277      0.11%     99.67% |        1280      0.11%     99.78% |        1283      0.11%     99.89% |        1280      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1149432                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      124493     40.26%     40.26% |       59451     19.23%     59.49% |        1787      0.58%     60.07% |      123477     39.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       309208                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     3461660     22.38%     22.38% |     3445874     22.28%     44.66% |     2990444     19.34%     64.00% |     2126642     13.75%     77.75% |     3441848     22.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     15466468                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |          99      0.00%      0.00% |    18624020     25.00%     25.00% |    18624056     25.00%     50.00% |    18624011     25.00%     75.00% |    18624053     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     74496239                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          43     91.49%     91.49% |           1      2.13%     93.62% |           1      2.13%     95.74% |           1      2.13%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           1      0.01%      0.01% |        2132     25.38%     25.39% |        2044     24.33%     49.73% |        2086     24.83%     74.56% |        2137     25.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         8400                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |           4      0.00%      0.00% |      131640     39.02%     39.02% |       66587     19.74%     58.76% |        8525      2.53%     61.28% |      130627     38.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       337383                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    26947797     64.85%     64.85% |     3206280      7.72%     72.57% |     3662123      8.81%     81.38% |     4523761     10.89%     92.27% |     3211077      7.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     41551038                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1101302384    100.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1101302462                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         675     75.17%     75.17% |          57      6.35%     81.51% |          57      6.35%     87.86% |          55      6.12%     93.99% |          54      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total          898                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2858     22.55%     22.55% |        2055     16.22%     38.77% |        2055     16.22%     54.99% |        3637     28.70%     83.69% |        2067     16.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        12672                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         482      0.03%      0.03% |      307567     21.66%     21.69% |      372505     26.23%     47.92% |      431345     30.37%     78.30% |      308239     21.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      1420138                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   165627393     99.95%     99.95% |       20705      0.01%     99.96% |       20492      0.01%     99.98% |       20257      0.01%     99.99% |       20260      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    165709107                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   170095938     99.91%     99.91% |       39229      0.02%     99.93% |       39226      0.02%     99.95% |       39225      0.02%     99.98% |       39229      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    170252847                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        1505     87.25%     87.25% |          58      3.36%     90.61% |          56      3.25%     93.86% |          56      3.25%     97.10% |          50      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1725                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     1143000     99.57%     99.57% |        1244      0.11%     99.67% |        1248      0.11%     99.78% |        1249      0.11%     99.89% |        1250      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      1147991                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          57      0.02%      0.02% |      134638     38.53%     38.55% |       69494     19.89%     58.44% |       11472      3.28%     61.72% |      133755     38.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       349416                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        4647      0.32%      0.32% |      309805     21.59%     21.92% |      374746     26.12%     48.04% |      435167     30.33%     78.37% |      310362     21.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1434727                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     1144312     99.55%     99.55% |        1277      0.11%     99.67% |        1280      0.11%     99.78% |        1283      0.11%     99.89% |        1280      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      1149432                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          43     91.49%     91.49% |           1      2.13%     93.62% |           1      2.13%     95.74% |           1      2.13%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        4704      0.26%      0.26% |      444443     24.91%     25.17% |      444240     24.90%     50.07% |      446639     25.03%     75.11% |      444117     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      1784143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1144355     99.55%     99.55% |        1278      0.11%     99.67% |        1281      0.11%     99.78% |        1284      0.11%     99.89% |        1281      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      1149479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1143482     44.53%     44.53% |      308811     12.02%     56.55% |      373753     14.55%     71.10% |      432594     16.84%     87.95% |      309489     12.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      2568129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        1505     87.25%     87.25% |          58      3.36%     90.61% |          56      3.25%     93.86% |          56      3.25%     97.10% |          50      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         1725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          22      6.55%      6.55% |          79     23.51%     30.06% |          29      8.63%     38.69% |          28      8.33%     47.02% |         178     52.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |        7400      1.12%      1.12% |      257414     39.05%     40.18% |      127162     19.29%     59.47% |       11726      1.78%     61.25% |      255432     38.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       659134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1328     27.24%     27.24% |          62      1.27%     28.51% |          50      1.03%     29.53% |        3406     69.85%     99.38% |          30      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1140646     43.85%     43.85% |      365279     14.04%     57.89% |      365133     14.04%     71.93% |      365179     14.04%     85.97% |      365030     14.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2601267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           3     23.08%     30.77% |           3     23.08%     53.85% |           4     30.77%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7757      5.85%      5.85% |          18      0.01%      5.86% |       64213     48.42%     54.28% |       59762     45.06%     99.34% |         877      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       132627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        4529      0.40%      0.40% |      237617     20.75%     21.14% |      302558     26.42%     47.56% |      362293     31.63%     79.19% |      238345     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1145342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          35      0.03%      0.03% |         881      0.66%      0.69% |       59761     45.06%     45.75% |        7741      5.84%     51.59% |       64209     48.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       132627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1144282     83.86%     83.86% |      135029      9.90%     93.76% |       11006      0.81%     94.57% |        3337      0.24%     94.81% |       70820      5.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1364474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        2859      0.87%      0.87% |      128680     38.96%     39.83% |       63550     19.24%     59.07% |        7510      2.27%     61.34% |      127681     38.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       330280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |          74     94.87%     94.87% |           1      1.28%     96.15% |           1      1.28%     97.44% |           1      1.28%     98.72% |           1      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          44     86.27%     86.27% |           2      3.92%     90.20% |           2      3.92%     94.12% |           1      1.96%     96.08% |           2      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1139883     52.77%     52.77% |      238658     11.05%     63.82% |      239456     11.08%     74.90% |      303643     14.06%     88.96% |      238554     11.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2160194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        4574      0.31%      0.31% |      372251     24.93%     25.24% |      372046     24.92%     50.16% |      372089     24.92%     75.08% |      372096     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1493056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1144272     99.55%     99.55% |        1277      0.11%     99.67% |        1280      0.11%     99.78% |        1282      0.11%     99.89% |        1279      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1149390                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     16.67%     16.67% |          13     27.08%     43.75% |          14     29.17%     72.92% |          13     27.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          43     91.49%     91.49% |           1      2.13%     93.62% |           1      2.13%     95.74% |           1      2.13%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126615     39.87%     39.87% |       61490     19.36%     59.23% |        3867      1.22%     60.45% |      125604     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       317576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           1      3.12%      3.12% |          10     31.25%     34.38% |           5     15.62%     50.00% |           6     18.75%     68.75% |          10     31.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          11      0.65%      0.65% |           2      0.12%      0.77% |           5      0.30%      1.06% |        1674     98.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |           9     13.04%     13.04% |          19     27.54%     40.58% |          15     21.74%     62.32% |          14     20.29%     82.61% |          12     17.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |         763      0.17%      0.17% |      126619     28.71%     28.88% |      125675     28.49%     57.37% |       61534     13.95%     71.32% |      126476     28.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       441067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         539      0.05%      0.05% |      235389     20.81%     20.86% |      300327     26.55%     47.41% |      358499     31.70%     79.11% |      236228     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      1130982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3258     28.29%     28.29% |        2086     18.11%     46.40% |        2086     18.11%     64.51% |        1977     17.16%     81.67% |        2111     18.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        11518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |           9      0.52%      0.52% |          13      0.75%      1.28% |          13      0.75%      2.03% |        1689     97.91%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        2841     26.02%     26.02% |        2040     18.68%     44.70% |        2040     18.68%     63.38% |        1932     17.69%     81.07% |        2067     18.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        10920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           8      0.47%      0.47% |          11      0.64%      1.11% |          11      0.64%      1.75% |        1682     98.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         1712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1142943     79.53%     79.53% |       73422      5.11%     84.64% |       73426      5.11%     89.75% |       74095      5.16%     94.90% |       73261      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      1437147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         442     93.45%     93.45% |           6      1.27%     94.71% |           5      1.06%     95.77% |          19      4.02%     99.79% |           1      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         654     96.04%     96.04% |           8      1.17%     97.21% |           7      1.03%     98.24% |           8      1.17%     99.41% |           4      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         118      0.04%      0.04% |       72188     24.95%     24.99% |       72188     24.95%     49.93% |       72869     25.18%     75.11% |       72017     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       289380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          40     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      2.38%     97.62% |           1      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          13      5.94%      5.94% |          52     23.74%     29.68% |           1      0.46%     30.14% |           0      0.00%     30.14% |         153     69.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     1137042     52.90%     52.90% |      236618     11.01%     63.91% |      237416     11.05%     74.96% |      301711     14.04%     89.00% |      236487     11.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2149274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           3     25.00%     33.33% |           3     25.00%     58.33% |           3     25.00%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7749      5.92%      5.92% |           7      0.01%      5.92% |       64202     49.04%     54.97% |       58080     44.36%     99.33% |         877      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       130915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        4529      0.40%      0.40% |      237617     20.75%     21.14% |      302558     26.42%     47.56% |      362293     31.63%     79.19% |      238345     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1145342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          35      0.03%      0.03% |         881      0.66%      0.69% |       59761     45.06%     45.75% |        7741      5.84%     51.59% |       64209     48.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       132627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          11      0.01%      0.01% |      133753     62.19%     62.19% |        9727      4.52%     66.71% |        2055      0.96%     67.67% |       69542     32.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       215088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1144271     99.55%     99.55% |        1276      0.11%     99.67% |        1279      0.11%     99.78% |        1282      0.11%     99.89% |        1278      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1149386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |          74     94.87%     94.87% |           1      1.28%     96.15% |           1      1.28%     97.44% |           1      1.28%     98.72% |           1      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          44     86.27%     86.27% |           2      3.92%     90.20% |           2      3.92%     94.12% |           1      1.96%     96.08% |           2      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1139883     52.77%     52.77% |      238658     11.05%     63.82% |      239456     11.08%     74.90% |      303643     14.06%     88.96% |      238554     11.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2160194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126615     39.87%     39.87% |       61490     19.36%     59.23% |        3867      1.22%     60.45% |      125604     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       317576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           1      3.12%      3.12% |          10     31.25%     34.38% |           5     15.62%     50.00% |           6     18.75%     68.75% |          10     31.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |           1      0.00%      0.00% |      126625     39.87%     39.87% |       61495     19.36%     59.23% |        3873      1.22%     60.45% |      125614     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       317608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         418     69.09%     69.09% |          48      7.93%     77.02% |          48      7.93%     84.96% |          46      7.60%     92.56% |          45      7.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3258     28.29%     28.29% |        2086     18.11%     46.40% |        2086     18.11%     64.51% |        1977     17.16%     81.67% |        2111     18.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        11518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           9      0.52%      0.52% |          13      0.75%      1.28% |          13      0.75%      2.03% |        1689     97.91%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2849     22.54%     22.54% |        2051     16.23%     38.77% |        2051     16.23%     55.00% |        3620     28.64%     83.64% |        2067     16.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        12638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1087     97.05%     97.05% |          10      0.89%     97.95% |           8      0.71%     98.66% |          10      0.89%     99.55% |           5      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         442     93.45%     93.45% |           6      1.27%     94.71% |           5      1.06%     95.77% |          19      4.02%     99.79% |           1      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total          473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         654     96.04%     96.04% |           8      1.17%     97.21% |           7      1.03%     98.24% |           8      1.17%     99.41% |           4      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |           9     26.47%     26.47% |           4     11.76%     38.24% |           4     11.76%     50.00% |          17     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1493066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1149396      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2160194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       126584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         1119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        783063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         127703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           9541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       123305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                 26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all              9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         132627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2294779      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        31917      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       751146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       215030      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1113444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       398227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       126581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean          894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       132627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2160194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       127703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack             21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack              5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        31898      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       751146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2294728      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean       122933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           40      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       132375      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
