
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.070992                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3070991606000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3070991606000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 130705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   362695                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              214958812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1469692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14286.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1867310337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5181615294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    196011072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          196011072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     92338112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92338112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3062673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3062673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1442783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1442783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     63826639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              63826639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     30067849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             30067849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     93894488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             93894488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3062673                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1442783                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3062673                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1442783                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              195864128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  146944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92336896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               196011072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92338112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            192361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            191085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            190212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            189533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            189527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            189945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            190049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            191635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            191063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            192227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           191909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           193846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           191958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           192109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           191705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           191213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             90785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             90829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             89796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             89624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             89524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             90158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             89841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             89458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             90758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            90648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            91137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            90064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            89987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            90094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3070991525500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               3062673                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1442783                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1992451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  449277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  283563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  152605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   81476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   51215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   33583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   16205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  43704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  53919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  78375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  89148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  96833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 101073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 103178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 103099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 102334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 101002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  99433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  98523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  98600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  97930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  97028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   4688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1971174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    146.207545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.316606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.823545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1227651     62.28%     62.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       392094     19.89%     82.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       186050      9.44%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        59629      3.03%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        39896      2.02%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        27215      1.38%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18456      0.94%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11142      0.57%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9041      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1971174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        89849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      34.061303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.353724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1118.523285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383        89848    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::327680-344063            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         89849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        89849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.054127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.351918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            87319     97.18%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              223      0.25%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2060      2.29%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              177      0.20%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               51      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               13      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         89849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  94259413877                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            151641482627                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                15301885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     30799.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                49549.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        63.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        30.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     63.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     30.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      21.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2032117                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  499842                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 66.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                34.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     681616.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7454560680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4067468625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             11889898800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4671743040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         200582166720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         585077455035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1329368579250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2143111872150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            697.856843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2207838054502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  102547120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  760605929498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7447416480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4063570500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             11980987200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4677264000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         200582166720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         587876018805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1326913698750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2143541122455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            697.996619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2203727716252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  102547120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  764715872498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 352                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6141983212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1699256521                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4846753078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4572852981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             116281295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  163074940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    374543945                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4572852981                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    116281295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         9634938422                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4554635332                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           186868631                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           91388910                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3870860213                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1451273068                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    740412461                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  450330709                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 290081752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6141983211.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        615796919                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             94599458      1.95%      1.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3513055257     72.48%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     490      0.00%     74.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                407297348      8.40%     82.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               91388064      1.89%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               450330709      9.29%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              290081752      5.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4846753078                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6141591636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5982077003.344402                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              159514632.655598                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.025973                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.974027                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6141591636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5982077970.282752                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              159513665.717248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.025973                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.974027                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6141592754                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5982078754.264672                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              159513999.735328                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.025973                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.974027                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      6141591649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5982079395.855025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              159512253.144974                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.025972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.974028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.numCycles                      6141591844                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5982080357.741203                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              159511486.258796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.025972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.974028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.numCycles                      6141592559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5982081314.154447                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              159511244.845553                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.025972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.974028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.numCycles                      6141592657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5982082441.543539                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              159510215.456461                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.025972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.974028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numCycles                      6141592465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu8.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu8.committedInsts                   21006727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu8.committedOps                     41857777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu8.num_int_alu_accesses             32737317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu8.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu8.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu8.num_int_insts                    32737317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu8.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu8.num_int_register_reads           63226287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu8.num_int_register_writes          16641624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu8.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_reads            13883681                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu8.num_cc_register_writes           13877327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu8.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu8.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu8.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu8.num_idle_cycles              5982083733.436094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu8.num_busy_cycles              159508731.563905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu8.not_idle_fraction                0.025972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu8.idle_fraction                    0.974028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu8.Branches                          2371388                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu8.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntAlu                 18836785     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu8.op_class::total                  41857777                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               73538233                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  2.754379                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                14.766369                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    73346923     99.74%     99.74% |      137592      0.19%     99.93% |       40746      0.06%     99.98% |       10568      0.01%    100.00% |        2224      0.00%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 73538233                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   3281275673                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000270                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000187                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016419                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3280390873     99.97%     99.97% |      884800      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    3281275673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          3281275673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.261115                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.013810                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              7.245436                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  3280874933     99.99%     99.99% |      266169      0.01%    100.00% |      110673      0.00%    100.00% |       15924      0.00%    100.00% |        5753      0.00%    100.00% |        1597      0.00%    100.00% |         467      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            3281275673                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      3281275673                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.261115                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.013810                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          7.245436                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  3280874933     99.99%     99.99% |      266169      0.01%    100.00% |      110673      0.00%    100.00% |       15924      0.00%    100.00% |        5753      0.00%    100.00% |        1597      0.00%    100.00% |         467      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        3281275673                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           39                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    738120747                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      2291778                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    740412525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   2214339986                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         7122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   2214347108                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits    129169240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses      1359501                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses    130528741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     12811068                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      1142424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     26860200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits      4058922                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses       134681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses      4193603                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     12725603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses      1227889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     26860218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          795                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits      4398036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses       134679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses      4532715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     12699104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses      1254388                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     26860249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          764                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits      4011413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses       133964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses      4145377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     12741523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses      1211969                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     26860222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          791                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits      3701896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses       134199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses      3836095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_hits     12764406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_misses      1189086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_hits     26860227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_misses          786                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_hits      4009904                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_misses       134355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl5.Zcache.demand_accesses      4144259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_hits     12707447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_misses      1246045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_hits     26860242                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_misses          771                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_hits      4551072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_misses       135101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl6.Zcache.demand_accesses      4686173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_hits     12781406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_misses      1172086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_hits     26860190                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_misses          823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_hits      4176582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_misses       134365                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl7.Zcache.demand_accesses      4310947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_hits     12700170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_misses      1253322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_hits     26860210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_misses          803                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Icache.demand_accesses     26861013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_hits      3848410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_misses       133006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl8.Zcache.demand_accesses      3981416                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2298667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      2298900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_hits           78                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_misses       530788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_accesses       530866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         94369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      1048868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses      1143237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_hits         7144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_misses        65624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_accesses        72768                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        108915                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses      1119769                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses      1228684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_hits         6841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_misses        65291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_accesses        72132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        123312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses      1131840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses      1255152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_hits         6502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_misses        65194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_accesses        71696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits        122800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses      1089960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses      1212760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_hits         6962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_misses        65368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_accesses        72330                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_hits        130379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_misses      1059493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cache.demand_accesses      1189872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_hits         6932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_misses        65404                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.zcache.demand_accesses        72336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_hits        137525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_misses      1109291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cache.demand_accesses      1246816                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_hits         7035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_misses        65631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.zcache.demand_accesses        72666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_hits        126930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_misses      1045979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cache.demand_accesses      1172909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_hits         6521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_misses        65520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.zcache.demand_accesses        72041                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_hits        144320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_misses      1109805                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cache.demand_accesses      1254125                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_hits         6026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_misses        64737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.zcache.demand_accesses        70763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5522019                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5491653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     11013672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_hits       573736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_misses       669308                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_accesses      1243044                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        254291                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.196426                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2298667                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298769                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280373                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2298656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2279579                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     18389336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       141440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165511368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18242984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18389248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164129688                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1254600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.067985                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1048868                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       424330                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1193429                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1097801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       989234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        63541                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       377802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      8390944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3394640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     85926888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8782408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7913872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11614176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4574952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3022416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.075579                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      1119769                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       576167                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1420165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1173433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1022381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       127057                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        41052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       382035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      8958152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4609336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    102251880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9387464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8179048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9148104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2955744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3056280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.077229                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      1131840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       631258                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1462928                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1179688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1040331                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       115225                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        45546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       377198                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      9054720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5050064                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105330816                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9437504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8322648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8296200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3279312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3017584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.074269                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0      1089960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       570985                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1385026                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1130160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1005905                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132956                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        45423                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       378726                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      8719680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4567880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     99721872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9041280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8047240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9572832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3270456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3029808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.074066                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Control::0      1059493                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       572696                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1397538                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1082699                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Control::2       974762                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       141859                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        30220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       380389                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Control::0      8475944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4581568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    100622736                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8661592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7798096                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10213848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2175840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3043112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.076177                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0      1109291                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       602477                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1430616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1128259                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1020185                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132890                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        44044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       387004                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      8874328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4819816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    103004352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9026072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8161480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9568080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3171168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3096032                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.072608                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Control::0      1045979                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::2       555185                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1339995                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1044612                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Control::2       974457                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       143216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        55237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       372057                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Control::0      8367832                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4441480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     96479640                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8356896                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7795656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10311552                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3977064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2976456                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.077867                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Control::0      1109805                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::2       648206                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1479582                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1111722                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1022236                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       129818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40916                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Control::0      8878440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5185648                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106529904                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8893776                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8177888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9346896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2945952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3084520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.790479                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Control::0     14076345                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3954656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13124288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10939646                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10348147                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3363908                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       383404                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3041222                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Control::0    112610760                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     31637248                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    944948736                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     87517168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82785176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    242201376                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     27605088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     24329776                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.191377                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Control::0      3062673                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4505456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3405659                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Control::0     24501384                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    324392832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     27245272                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.percent_links_utilized     0.088960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Control::0     14076345                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Request_Control::2      4598984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Data::1     15553268                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12787026                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10348147                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3363908                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       383404                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3041222                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Control::0    112610760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     36791872                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1119835296                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102296208                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82785176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    242201376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     27605088                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     24329776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        42229035                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     13152624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     46591060                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     69405519                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     11241936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      9123666                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        337832280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    105220992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3354556320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    555244152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    809419392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     72989328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.187115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298588                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280209                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       141440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165498336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18241672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.205736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2298667                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          164                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2298656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2279579                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        17425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          446                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     18389336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     18389248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    164129688                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1254600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.076318                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       424330                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       887663                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       961530                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3394640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     63911736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7692240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.059653                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1048868                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       305766                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       136271                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       989234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       161308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        63541                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       377802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8390944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22015152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1090168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7913872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     11614176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      4574952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3022416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.082789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       576167                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       958373                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       968296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4609336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69002856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7746368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.068369                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1119769                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       461792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       205137                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1022381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       127057                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        41052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       382035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8958152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33249024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1641096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8179048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9148104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2955744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3056280                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.083743                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       631258                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       969732                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       928061                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5050064                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69820704                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7424488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.070716                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1131840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       493196                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       251627                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1040331                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       115225                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        45546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       377198                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      9054720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35510112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2013016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8322648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8296200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3279312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3017584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.081053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       570985                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       942636                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       901756                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4567880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67869792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7214048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.067486                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1089960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       442390                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       228404                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1005905                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132956                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        45423                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       378726                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8719680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31852080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1827232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8047240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9572832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3270456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3029808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.080592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       572696                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       943305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       837454                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4581568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67917960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6699632                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.067541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1059493                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       454233                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       245245                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       974762                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       141859                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        30220                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       380389                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8475944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32704776                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1961960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7798096                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10213848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2175840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3043112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.083434                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       602477                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       974850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       872847                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4819816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     70189200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6982776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.068921                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1109291                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       455766                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       255412                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1020185                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       132890                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        44044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       387004                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8874328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32815152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2043296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8161480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9568080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3171168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3096032                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.079202                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       555185                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       929508                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       808413                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4441480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     66924576                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6467304                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.066014                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1045979                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       410487                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       236199                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       974457                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       143216                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        55237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       372057                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8367832                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29555064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1889592                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      7795656                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10311552                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3977064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2976456                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.084306                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       648206                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       988124                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       814837                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5185648                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     71144928                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6518696                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.071428                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1109805                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       491458                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       296885                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1022236                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       129818                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40916                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8878440                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35384976                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2375080                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      8177888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9346896                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2945952                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3084520                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.802024                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     11013672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4217706                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2432185                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10348147                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3363908                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       383404                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3041222                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     88109376                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    303674832                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19457480                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82785176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    242201376                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     27605088                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     24329776                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.778934                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3062673                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3954656                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8906582                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8507461                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     24501384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     31637248                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    641273904                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     68059688                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138629                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3062673                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1442783                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       981438                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     24501384                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    103880376                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7851504                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.244125                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3062673                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2424221                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    220512456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19393768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.link_utilization     0.187115                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2298588                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2280209                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       141440                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    165498336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18241672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.link_utilization     0.076318                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       424330                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       887663                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       961530                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3394640                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     63911736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7692240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.link_utilization     0.082789                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       576167                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       958373                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       968296                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4609336                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69002856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7746368                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.link_utilization     0.083743                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       631258                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       969732                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       928061                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5050064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     69820704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7424488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.link_utilization     0.081053                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       570985                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       942636                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       901756                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4567880                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67869792                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7214048                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.link_utilization     0.080592                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Request_Control::2       572696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Data::1       943305                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_count.Response_Control::1       837454                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4581568                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     67917960                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle14.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6699632                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.link_utilization     0.083434                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       602477                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       974850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       872847                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4819816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     70189200                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6982776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.link_utilization     0.079202                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Request_Control::2       555185                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Data::1       929508                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_count.Response_Control::1       808413                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4441480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     66924576                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle16.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6467304                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.link_utilization     0.084306                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Request_Control::2       648206                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Data::1       988124                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::1       814837                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5185648                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     71144928                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6518696                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.link_utilization     0.802024                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Control::0     11013672                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4217706                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2432185                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10348147                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3363908                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1       383404                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3041222                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Control::0     88109376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    303674832                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     19457480                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82785176                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    242201376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1     27605088                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     24329776                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.link_utilization     0.138629                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Control::0      3062673                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1442783                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_count.Response_Control::1       981438                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Control::0     24501384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    103880376                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.throttle19.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7851504                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      27766949                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         6.042640                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       23.471274                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    27575639     99.31%     99.31% |      137592      0.50%     99.81% |       40746      0.15%     99.95% |       10568      0.04%     99.99% |        2224      0.01%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        27766949                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      38301932                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.542956                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.275094                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    36447429     95.16%     95.16% |     1672286      4.37%     99.52% |      149687      0.39%     99.92% |       25686      0.07%     99.98% |        5823      0.02%    100.00% |         973      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        38301932                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       7469352                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         1.870340                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.487654                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     4708049     63.03%     63.03% |        3070      0.04%     63.07% |     2737154     36.65%     99.72% |        4755      0.06%     99.78% |           1      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |       16234      0.22%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         7469352                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        470176134                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            2.070875                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.056828                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          15.341496                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   469849975     99.93%     99.93% |      240151      0.05%     99.98% |       75597      0.02%    100.00% |        7333      0.00%    100.00% |        2851      0.00%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          470176134                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    470176134                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.070875                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.056828                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev      15.341496                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   469849975     99.93%     99.93% |      240151      0.05%     99.98% |       75597      0.02%    100.00% |        7333      0.00%    100.00% |        2851      0.00%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      470176134                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        273149874                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            2.291594                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.071918                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          14.916731                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   273075347     99.97%     99.97% |       25982      0.01%     99.98% |       35060      0.01%    100.00% |        8590      0.00%    100.00% |        2901      0.00%    100.00% |        1395      0.00%    100.00% |         445      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          273149874                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    273149874                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        2.291594                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.071918                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      14.916731                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   273075347     99.97%     99.97% |       25982      0.01%     99.98% |       35060      0.01%    100.00% |        8590      0.00%    100.00% |        2901      0.00%    100.00% |        1395      0.00%    100.00% |         445      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      273149874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   2429235212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000198                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000019                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.133018                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  2429234784    100.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     2429235212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   2429235212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000198                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000019                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.133018                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  2429234784    100.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   2429235212                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      5.829268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.244423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.120468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         926     98.20%     98.20% |           0      0.00%     98.20% |          10      1.06%     99.26% |           3      0.32%     99.58% |           2      0.21%     99.79% |           1      0.11%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     5.829268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.244423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev    31.120468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         926     98.20%     98.20% |           0      0.00%     98.20% |          10      1.06%     99.26% |           3      0.32%     99.58% |           2      0.21%     99.79% |           1      0.11%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          943                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.074796                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    54356736    100.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.074796                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    54356736    100.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     54356755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54356755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     54356755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        3062673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data         1442783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      3062673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack      1442783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       981438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      3062673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data       1442783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       981438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      3062673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack      1442783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   395973126     84.22%     84.22% |     9275376      1.97%     86.19% |     9275376      1.97%     88.16% |     9275376      1.97%     90.14% |     9275376      1.97%     92.11% |     9275376      1.97%     94.08% |     9275376      1.97%     96.05% |     9275376      1.97%     98.03% |     9275376      1.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    470176134                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |18446744071628931072    100.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00% |    26861013      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744071843823616                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   344439399     90.20%     90.20% |     4678116      1.23%     91.42% |     4678116      1.23%     92.65% |     4678116      1.23%     93.87% |     4678116      1.23%     95.10% |     4678116      1.23%     96.32% |     4678116      1.23%     97.55% |     4678116      1.23%     98.77% |     4678116      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    381864327                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       25984      0.91%      0.91% |      291025     10.14%     11.04% |      390981     13.62%     24.67% |      388071     13.52%     38.19% |      351701     12.25%     50.44% |      348252     12.13%     62.57% |      378301     13.18%     75.75% |      317704     11.07%     86.82% |      378349     13.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2870368                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     2271998     31.43%     31.43% |      640453      8.86%     40.29% |      599992      8.30%     48.59% |      611230      8.46%     57.05% |      618369      8.55%     65.60% |      617093      8.54%     74.14% |      617825      8.55%     82.69% |      633526      8.76%     91.45% |      617699      8.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      7228185                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          98      0.00%      0.00% |      262373     10.91%     10.92% |      295482     12.29%     23.20% |      323996     13.47%     36.68% |      302606     12.58%     49.26% |      283658     11.80%     61.06% |      322396     13.41%     74.47% |      282170     11.73%     86.20% |      331760     13.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      2404539                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2298802     24.04%     24.04% |      876191      9.16%     33.21% |      929139      9.72%     42.92% |      925944      9.68%     52.61% |      905750      9.47%     62.08% |      902106      9.43%     71.52% |      919607      9.62%     81.13% |      886189      9.27%     90.40% |      917655      9.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9561383                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Stale |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4673     12.79%     12.79% |        4063     11.12%     23.91% |        5212     14.27%     38.18% |        4404     12.05%     50.23% |        4108     11.24%     61.48% |        4813     13.17%     74.65% |        4550     12.45%     87.11% |        4710     12.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Stale::total        36533                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        3185      0.04%      0.04% |      875222     12.07%     12.11% |      926624     12.77%     24.89% |      924221     12.74%     37.63% |      904096     12.46%     50.09% |      900232     12.41%     62.50% |      918276     12.66%     75.16% |      885063     12.20%     87.36% |      916539     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      7253458                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        7122     52.88%     52.88% |         813      6.04%     58.92% |         795      5.90%     64.82% |         764      5.67%     70.49% |         791      5.87%     76.37% |         786      5.84%     82.20% |         771      5.72%     87.93% |         823      6.11%     94.04% |         803      5.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        13468                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288514     92.14%     92.14% |       20046      0.81%     92.95% |       23184      0.93%     93.88% |       27338      1.10%     94.98% |       23273      0.94%     95.92% |       23437      0.94%     96.86% |       28074      1.13%     97.99% |       22979      0.93%     98.92% |       26918      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2483763                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           8      3.39%      3.39% |          27     11.44%     14.83% |          22      9.32%     24.15% |          29     12.29%     36.44% |          31     13.14%     49.58% |          27     11.44%     61.02% |          24     10.17%     71.19% |          33     13.98%     85.17% |          35     14.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          236                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4278     12.68%     12.68% |        3718     11.02%     23.70% |        4831     14.32%     38.02% |        4083     12.10%     50.12% |        3793     11.24%     61.37% |        4470     13.25%     74.62% |        4193     12.43%     87.05% |        4370     12.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        33736                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         394     14.09%     14.09% |         345     12.34%     26.43% |         381     13.63%     40.06% |         321     11.48%     51.54% |         315     11.27%     62.80% |         343     12.27%     75.07% |         357     12.77%     87.84% |         340     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         2796                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       82396      3.01%      3.01% |      294009     10.74%     13.75% |      327955     11.98%     25.73% |      354690     12.96%     38.69% |      334175     12.21%     50.89% |      315763     11.53%     62.43% |      352840     12.89%     75.32% |      313301     11.44%     86.76% |      362429     13.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2737558                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |         203      0.00%      0.00% |    26860137     12.50%     12.50% |    26859805     12.50%     25.00% |    26860090     12.50%     37.50% |    26860217     12.50%     50.00% |    26860190     12.50%     62.50% |    26860225     12.50%     75.00% |    26860190     12.50%     87.50% |    26860210     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    214881267                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79      0.00%      0.00% |      242484     10.95%     10.95% |      274018     12.37%     23.32% |      297617     13.44%     36.75% |      280196     12.65%     49.40% |      261309     11.80%     61.20% |      294882     13.31%     74.51% |      259494     11.71%     86.22% |      305155     13.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total      2215234                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       19838     10.50%     10.50% |       21421     11.34%     21.85% |       26326     13.94%     35.78% |       22355     11.84%     47.62% |       22298     11.81%     59.43% |       27467     14.54%     73.97% |       22619     11.98%     85.95% |       26546     14.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       188873                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |          12      4.88%      4.88% |          28     11.38%     16.26% |          22      8.94%     25.20% |          30     12.20%     37.40% |          32     13.01%     50.41% |          28     11.38%     61.79% |          24      9.76%     71.54% |          34     13.82%     85.37% |          36     14.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total          246                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    63144508     64.66%     64.66% |     4321495      4.43%     69.09% |     4338854      4.44%     73.53% |     4308163      4.41%     77.94% |     4309731      4.41%     82.35% |     4324333      4.43%     86.78% |     4304345      4.41%     91.19% |     4310996      4.41%     95.60% |     4292760      4.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     97655185                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |18446744071628924928    100.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |         413      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744071628924928                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1764      0.14%      0.14% |      170090     13.06%     13.19% |      187583     14.40%     27.60% |      156992     12.05%     39.65% |      158470     12.17%     51.82% |      173239     13.30%     65.12% |      152876     11.74%     76.85% |      159851     12.27%     89.13% |      141648     10.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1302513                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        7218     12.41%     12.41% |        5745      9.88%     22.30% |        6623     11.39%     33.69% |        9177     15.78%     49.47% |        5742      9.88%     59.35% |        6096     10.49%     69.83% |        5826     10.02%     79.85% |        5646      9.71%     89.56% |        6067     10.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        58140                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         677      0.02%      0.02% |      436955     12.50%     12.52% |      436828     12.50%     25.02% |      434002     12.42%     37.44% |      437243     12.51%     49.96% |      437155     12.51%     62.47% |      437133     12.51%     74.97% |      437423     12.52%     87.49% |      437113     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      3494529                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   332743037     91.79%     91.79% |     3780372      1.04%     92.84% |     3678225      1.01%     93.85% |     3683471      1.02%     94.87% |     3723291      1.03%     95.89% |     3731255      1.03%     96.92% |     3695445      1.02%     97.94% |     3761823      1.04%     98.98% |     3699278      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    362496197                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   342149042     91.03%     91.03% |     4245102      1.13%     92.16% |     4192986      1.12%     93.28% |     4195788      1.12%     94.39% |     4215856      1.12%     95.51% |     4219816      1.12%     96.64% |     4201941      1.12%     97.75% |     4235435      1.13%     98.88% |     4204055      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    375860021                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       18755      0.83%      0.83% |      229117     10.11%     10.93% |      321664     14.19%     25.12% |      304653     13.44%     38.56% |      280794     12.38%     50.94% |      278063     12.26%     63.20% |      295099     13.02%     76.22% |      246164     10.86%     87.08% |      293049     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total      2267358                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     2271309     60.84%     60.84% |      203470      5.45%     66.29% |      163142      4.37%     70.66% |      177198      4.75%     75.40% |      181094      4.85%     80.25% |      179910      4.82%     85.07% |      180668      4.84%     89.91% |      196069      5.25%     95.16% |      180550      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      3733410                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          98      0.00%      0.00% |      262373     10.91%     10.92% |      295482     12.29%     23.20% |      323996     13.47%     36.68% |      302606     12.58%     49.26% |      283658     11.80%     61.06% |      322396     13.41%     74.47% |      282170     11.73%     86.20% |      331760     13.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2404539                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10209      0.21%      0.21% |      613267     12.62%     12.83% |      631592     13.00%     25.83% |      600608     12.36%     38.19% |      601960     12.39%     50.57% |      617045     12.70%     63.27% |      596308     12.27%     75.54% |      603359     12.42%     87.96% |      585242     12.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4859590                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Stale |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4673     12.79%     12.79% |        4063     11.12%     23.91% |        5212     14.27%     38.18% |        4404     12.05%     50.23% |        4108     11.24%     61.48% |        4813     13.17%     74.65% |        4550     12.45%     87.11% |        4710     12.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Stale::total        36533                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2288514     80.52%     80.52% |       56738      2.00%     82.51% |       64780      2.28%     84.79% |       75605      2.66%     87.45% |       66373      2.34%     89.79% |       65520      2.31%     92.09% |       78302      2.75%     94.85% |       66578      2.34%     97.19% |       79910      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2842320                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36298     10.20%     10.20% |       41251     11.60%     21.80% |       47886     13.46%     35.26% |       42779     12.02%     47.28% |       41768     11.74%     59.02% |       49885     14.02%     73.05% |       43242     12.15%     85.20% |       52652     14.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total       355761                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          79      0.00%      0.00% |      206186     11.09%     11.09% |      232767     12.52%     23.61% |      249731     13.43%     37.04% |      237417     12.77%     49.81% |      219541     11.81%     61.62% |      244997     13.18%     74.79% |      216252     11.63%     86.42% |      252503     13.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total      1859473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       10307      0.14%      0.14% |      880313     12.06%     12.20% |      931137     12.75%     24.95% |      929816     12.74%     37.69% |      908970     12.45%     50.14% |      904811     12.39%     62.53% |      923517     12.65%     75.18% |      890079     12.19%     87.37% |      921712     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7300662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2288593     45.25%     45.25% |      299222      5.92%     51.17% |      338798      6.70%     57.87% |      373222      7.38%     65.25% |      346569      6.85%     72.10% |      326829      6.46%     78.56% |      373184      7.38%     85.94% |      326072      6.45%     92.39% |      385065      7.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5057554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     2271986     31.43%     31.43% |      640425      8.86%     40.29% |      599970      8.30%     48.59% |      611200      8.46%     57.05% |      618337      8.55%     65.61% |      617065      8.54%     74.14% |      617801      8.55%     82.69% |      633492      8.76%     91.45% |      617663      8.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      7227939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       18755      0.83%      0.83% |      229117     10.11%     10.93% |      321664     14.19%     25.12% |      304653     13.44%     38.56% |      280794     12.38%     50.94% |      278063     12.26%     63.20% |      295099     13.02%     76.22% |      246164     10.86%     87.08% |      293049     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total      2267358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17589      0.79%      0.79% |      199812      8.93%      9.71% |      246189     11.00%     20.71% |      297173     13.27%     33.98% |      273827     12.23%     46.21% |      275465     12.30%     58.52% |      299456     13.38%     71.89% |      291436     13.02%     84.91% |      337801     15.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2238748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50044     26.12%     26.12% |       17396      9.08%     35.19% |       17612      9.19%     44.38% |       18136      9.46%     53.85% |       17664      9.22%     63.07% |       17924      9.35%     72.42% |       16854      8.80%     81.22% |       17392      9.08%     90.29% |       18604      9.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       191626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1924      0.03%      0.03% |      564654     10.18%     10.21% |      764350     13.77%     23.98% |      758006     13.66%     37.64% |      685738     12.36%     50.00% |      678580     12.23%     62.23% |      739748     13.33%     75.56% |      618016     11.14%     86.70% |      738094     13.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      5549110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2280033     34.09%     34.09% |      570930      8.54%     42.63% |      558028      8.34%     50.98% |      533760      7.98%     58.96% |      549552      8.22%     67.17% |      558361      8.35%     75.52% |      554685      8.29%     83.82% |      541416      8.10%     91.91% |      540723      8.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      6687488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           1      0.00%      0.00% |      143270     11.89%     11.89% |      198164     16.44%     28.33% |      174974     14.52%     42.85% |      151926     12.61%     55.45% |      140229     11.64%     67.09% |      150276     12.47%     79.56% |      117011      9.71%     89.27% |      129352     10.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total      1205203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          90      0.01%      0.01% |       81248      7.03%      7.04% |      131814     11.41%     18.45% |      159111     13.78%     32.23% |      145232     12.57%     44.80% |      157002     13.59%     58.40% |      152745     13.22%     71.62% |      146738     12.70%     84.32% |      181053     15.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total      1155033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9287     11.67%     11.67% |       10284     12.92%     24.59% |       11506     14.46%     39.05% |       10511     13.21%     52.26% |       10208     12.83%     65.08% |       10450     13.13%     78.21% |        8661     10.88%     89.09% |        8679     10.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        79586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       10078      0.22%      0.22% |      570145     12.68%     12.91% |      587912     13.08%     25.98% |      555234     12.35%     38.33% |      555885     12.36%     50.70% |      570187     12.68%     63.38% |      549207     12.22%     75.59% |      557330     12.40%     87.99% |      539922     12.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4495900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          82      0.01%      0.01% |      156627     13.56%     13.57% |      137564     11.91%     25.48% |      160404     13.89%     39.36% |      146819     12.71%     52.08% |      120089     10.40%     62.47% |      148262     12.84%     75.31% |      134790     11.67%     86.98% |      150396     13.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total      1155033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     2288428     54.98%     54.98% |      151604      3.64%     58.62% |      222613      5.35%     63.97% |      242588      5.83%     69.80% |      229421      5.51%     75.31% |      242821      5.83%     81.15% |      266931      6.41%     87.56% |      228727      5.50%     93.05% |      289127      6.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4162260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        7229      1.20%      1.20% |       61908     10.27%     11.47% |       69317     11.50%     22.96% |       83418     13.83%     36.79% |       70907     11.76%     48.55% |       70189     11.64%     60.19% |       83202     13.80%     73.99% |       71540     11.86%     85.85% |       85300     14.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       603010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         105      0.01%      0.01% |      251928     14.25%     14.26% |      287524     16.26%     30.52% |      262024     14.82%     45.34% |      232239     13.14%     58.48% |      188810     10.68%     69.16% |      208062     11.77%     80.93% |      168008      9.50%     90.43% |      169094      9.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      1767794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          79      0.01%      0.01% |      170492     14.20%     14.21% |      171680     14.30%     28.51% |      173614     14.46%     42.97% |      157835     13.15%     56.12% |      126396     10.53%     66.65% |      144891     12.07%     78.72% |      125132     10.42%     89.14% |      130360     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total      1200479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2280025     35.60%     35.60% |      539110      8.42%     44.01% |      509092      7.95%     51.96% |      492423      7.69%     59.65% |      511682      7.99%     67.64% |      522248      8.15%     75.79% |      519894      8.12%     83.91% |      515273      8.04%     91.95% |      515383      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      6405130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       10171      0.19%      0.19% |      671272     12.52%     12.71% |      670473     12.50%     25.21% |      669307     12.48%     37.70% |      668378     12.47%     50.16% |      667540     12.45%     62.61% |      666887     12.44%     75.05% |      668521     12.47%     87.52% |      669331     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5361880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     2288417     81.77%     81.77% |       52219      1.87%     83.64% |       58881      2.10%     85.74% |       69711      2.49%     88.23% |       60916      2.18%     90.41% |       59883      2.14%     92.55% |       72577      2.59%     95.14% |       61454      2.20%     97.34% |       74417      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2798475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          29      1.75%      1.75% |          37      2.23%      3.98% |          54      3.25%      7.23% |        1148     69.16%     76.39% |         108      6.51%     82.89% |          43      2.59%     85.48% |         193     11.63%     97.11% |          48      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      115134     12.06%     12.06% |      152391     15.96%     28.03% |      137840     14.44%     42.47% |      118381     12.40%     54.87% |      107467     11.26%     66.12% |      119688     12.54%     78.66% |       95121      9.96%     88.63% |      108556     11.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       954578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         395     14.10%     14.10% |         345     12.32%     26.42% |         381     13.60%     40.02% |         322     11.50%     51.52% |         317     11.32%     62.83% |         343     12.25%     75.08% |         358     12.78%     87.86% |         340     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         2801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30956     11.27%     11.27% |       48073     17.51%     28.78% |       40489     14.75%     43.53% |       36318     13.23%     56.76% |       35203     12.82%     69.58% |       33942     12.36%     81.94% |       25134      9.15%     91.09% |       24458      8.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       274573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          79      0.00%      0.00% |      206186     11.09%     11.09% |      232767     12.52%     23.61% |      249731     13.43%     37.04% |      237417     12.77%     49.81% |      219541     11.81%     61.62% |      244997     13.18%     74.79% |      216252     11.63%     86.42% |      252503     13.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total      1859473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.12%      0.12% |         864     12.53%     12.65% |         858     12.44%     25.09% |         832     12.06%     37.15% |         852     12.35%     49.51% |         851     12.34%     61.85% |         846     12.27%     74.12% |         905     13.12%     87.24% |         880     12.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         6896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       55299     10.28%     10.28% |       61836     11.49%     21.77% |       73409     13.65%     35.42% |       64313     11.95%     47.37% |       63242     11.76%     59.13% |       76530     14.23%     73.36% |       64989     12.08%     85.44% |       78353     14.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       537974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       50784      8.18%      8.18% |       64593     10.41%     18.59% |       77294     12.46%     31.05% |       76135     12.27%     43.32% |       82945     13.37%     56.69% |       89841     14.48%     71.17% |       80407     12.96%     84.13% |       98504     15.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total       620506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3662     10.04%     10.04% |        4912     13.47%     23.51% |        4870     13.36%     36.87% |        4546     12.47%     49.33% |        4745     13.01%     62.35% |        4799     13.16%     75.51% |        4273     11.72%     87.23% |        4658     12.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total        36465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |          90      0.01%      0.01% |       82099      7.94%      7.94% |      124137     12.00%     19.94% |      150336     14.53%     34.47% |      127742     12.35%     46.82% |      132478     12.80%     59.62% |      134631     13.01%     72.64% |      126887     12.26%     84.90% |      156240     15.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total      1034640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |           8      0.10%      0.10% |         864     11.10%     11.20% |         863     11.09%     22.29% |         848     10.89%     33.18% |        1552     19.94%     53.11% |         910     11.69%     64.80% |         849     10.91%     75.71% |        1009     12.96%     88.67% |         882     11.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total         7785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         719      0.02%      0.02% |      556700     12.81%     12.83% |      554283     12.75%     25.58% |      535234     12.32%     37.90% |      539136     12.41%     50.30% |      551790     12.70%     63.00% |      535033     12.31%     75.31% |      545193     12.55%     87.86% |      527574     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      4345662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        8596     12.01%     12.01% |        7679     10.73%     22.75% |        7864     10.99%     33.74% |        8149     11.39%     45.13% |        7847     10.97%     56.10% |        7945     11.10%     67.20% |        7476     10.45%     77.65% |        7698     10.76%     88.41% |        8293     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        71547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          96      0.13%      0.13% |        5124      7.07%      7.21% |       24954     34.45%     41.65% |       11173     15.42%     57.08% |        8200     11.32%     68.40% |        9719     13.42%     81.81% |        6005      8.29%     90.10% |        3752      5.18%     95.28% |        3419      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        72442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          74      0.99%      0.99% |         827     11.08%     12.07% |         617      8.26%     20.33% |        3532     47.31%     67.64% |         471      6.31%     73.95% |         453      6.07%     80.02% |         570      7.63%     87.65% |         515      6.90%     94.55% |         407      5.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         7466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        7070     16.38%     16.38% |        4182      9.69%     26.06% |        4943     11.45%     37.51% |        4599     10.65%     48.17% |        4327     10.02%     58.19% |        4668     10.81%     69.00% |        4407     10.21%     79.21% |        4244      9.83%     89.04% |        4730     10.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        43170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           7      6.67%      6.67% |           9      8.57%     15.24% |          23     21.90%     37.14% |          18     17.14%     54.29% |          12     11.43%     65.71% |          12     11.43%     77.14% |          11     10.48%     87.62% |           5      4.76%     92.38% |           8      7.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     2271267     78.80%     78.80% |       83725      2.90%     81.71% |       45687      1.59%     83.29% |       75966      2.64%     85.93% |       79201      2.75%     88.67% |       65275      2.26%     90.94% |       82768      2.87%     93.81% |       88299      3.06%     96.87% |       90089      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      2882277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       16418     94.52%     94.52% |         155      0.89%     95.41% |          84      0.48%     95.90% |          87      0.50%     96.40% |         133      0.77%     97.16% |         166      0.96%     98.12% |         105      0.60%     98.72% |          93      0.54%     99.26% |         129      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        17370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         863      0.04%      0.04% |      221904     10.25%     10.29% |      295385     13.65%     23.94% |      294421     13.60%     37.55% |      270356     12.49%     50.04% |      266329     12.31%     62.35% |      287339     13.28%     75.62% |      240267     11.10%     86.73% |      287275     13.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      2164139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         129      0.04%      0.04% |       43122     11.86%     11.89% |       43680     12.01%     23.90% |       45374     12.48%     36.38% |       46075     12.67%     49.05% |       46858     12.88%     61.93% |       47101     12.95%     74.88% |       46029     12.66%     87.54% |       45320     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       363688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          97      2.12%      2.12% |         462     10.09%     12.21% |         642     14.02%     26.23% |         643     14.04%     40.27% |         589     12.86%     53.13% |         575     12.56%     65.69% |         583     12.73%     78.42% |         493     10.77%     89.19% |         495     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total         4579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       17425      4.54%      4.54% |       63539     16.57%     21.12% |       41051     10.71%     31.83% |       45542     11.88%     43.70% |       45423     11.85%     55.55% |       30219      7.88%     63.43% |       44042     11.49%     74.92% |       55234     14.41%     89.33% |       40915     10.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total       383390                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2272955     35.73%     35.73% |      534928      8.41%     44.14% |      504149      7.92%     52.06% |      487824      7.67%     59.73% |      507355      7.97%     67.70% |      517580      8.14%     75.84% |      515487      8.10%     83.94% |      511029      8.03%     91.97% |      510653      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6361960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      143270     11.89%     11.89% |      198164     16.44%     28.33% |      174973     14.52%     42.85% |      151926     12.61%     55.45% |      140229     11.64%     67.09% |      150276     12.47%     79.56% |      117010      9.71%     89.27% |      129352     10.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total      1205200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |          83      0.01%      0.01% |       81239      7.04%      7.04% |      131791     11.42%     18.46% |      159091     13.78%     32.24% |      144799     12.54%     44.78% |      156975     13.60%     58.38% |      152734     13.23%     71.61% |      146678     12.71%     84.32% |      181044     15.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total      1154434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4673     12.79%     12.79% |        4063     11.12%     23.91% |        5212     14.27%     38.18% |        4404     12.05%     50.23% |        4108     11.24%     61.48% |        4813     13.17%     74.65% |        4550     12.45%     87.11% |        4710     12.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total        36533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10078      0.22%      0.22% |      570145     12.68%     12.91% |      587912     13.08%     25.98% |      555234     12.35%     38.33% |      555885     12.36%     50.70% |      570187     12.68%     63.38% |      549207     12.22%     75.59% |      557330     12.40%     87.99% |      539922     12.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4495900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          82      0.01%      0.01% |      156627     13.56%     13.57% |      137564     11.91%     25.48% |      160404     13.89%     39.36% |      146819     12.71%     52.08% |      120089     10.40%     62.47% |      148262     12.84%     75.31% |      134790     11.67%     86.98% |      150396     13.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total      1155033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          11      0.00%      0.00% |       54961      8.74%      8.74% |       93325     14.84%     23.58% |       86297     13.72%     37.30% |       79651     12.66%     49.96% |       80623     12.82%     62.78% |       84293     13.40%     76.18% |       66972     10.65%     86.83% |       82859     13.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       628992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9287     11.67%     11.67% |       10284     12.92%     24.59% |       11506     14.46%     39.05% |       10511     13.21%     52.26% |       10208     12.83%     65.08% |       10450     13.13%     78.21% |        8661     10.88%     89.09% |        8679     10.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        79586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     2288417     65.44%     65.44% |       91970      2.63%     68.07% |      125225      3.58%     71.66% |      151079      4.32%     75.98% |      145366      4.16%     80.13% |      158090      4.52%     84.65% |      177825      5.09%     89.74% |      157205      4.50%     94.24% |      201558      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3496735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2572     12.15%     12.15% |        2752     13.00%     25.15% |        2999     14.16%     39.31% |        3012     14.23%     53.54% |        2849     13.46%     66.99% |        2584     12.20%     79.20% |        2444     11.54%     90.74% |        1960      9.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        21172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       48643      6.28%      6.28% |       76283      9.84%     16.12% |       92493     11.93%     28.05% |       94639     12.21%     40.26% |      108098     13.95%     54.21% |      115355     14.88%     69.09% |      104054     13.43%     82.52% |      135480     17.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total       775045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         105      0.01%      0.01% |      249356     14.28%     14.28% |      284772     16.30%     30.59% |      259025     14.83%     45.42% |      229227     13.12%     58.54% |      185961     10.65%     69.19% |      205478     11.76%     80.95% |      165564      9.48%     90.43% |      167134      9.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total      1746622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          79      0.01%      0.01% |      170492     14.20%     14.21% |      171680     14.30%     28.51% |      173614     14.46%     42.97% |      157835     13.15%     56.12% |      126396     10.53%     66.65% |      144891     12.07%     78.72% |      125132     10.42%     89.14% |      130360     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total      1200479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4673     12.79%     12.79% |        4063     11.12%     23.91% |        5212     14.27%     38.18% |        4404     12.05%     50.23% |        4108     11.24%     61.48% |        4813     13.17%     74.65% |        4550     12.45%     87.11% |        4710     12.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total        36533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           4     28.57%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           3     21.43%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.40%      0.40% |         421     85.22%     85.63% |          15      3.04%     88.66% |           0      0.00%     88.66% |          55     11.13%     99.80% |           1      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2280025     35.60%     35.60% |      539108      8.42%     44.02% |      509091      7.95%     51.97% |      492417      7.69%     59.65% |      511261      7.98%     67.64% |      522232      8.15%     75.79% |      519892      8.12%     83.91% |      515215      8.04%     91.95% |      515381      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      6404622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.39%      0.39% |           1      0.20%      0.59% |           6      1.18%      1.77% |         421     82.87%     84.65% |          16      3.15%     87.80% |           2      0.39%     88.19% |          58     11.42%     99.61% |           2      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36298     10.20%     10.20% |       41251     11.60%     21.80% |       47886     13.46%     35.26% |       42779     12.02%     47.28% |       41768     11.74%     59.02% |       49885     14.02%     73.05% |       43242     12.15%     85.20% |       52652     14.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total       355761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           8      0.12%      0.12% |         864     12.53%     12.65% |         858     12.44%     25.09% |         832     12.06%     37.15% |         852     12.35%     49.51% |         851     12.34%     61.85% |         846     12.27%     74.12% |         905     13.12%     87.24% |         880     12.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         6896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           3      0.00%      0.00% |       55299     10.28%     10.28% |       61836     11.49%     21.77% |       73409     13.65%     35.42% |       64313     11.95%     47.37% |       63242     11.76%     59.13% |       76530     14.23%     73.36% |       64989     12.08%     85.44% |       78353     14.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       537974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |          11      0.00%      0.00% |       56163     10.31%     10.31% |       62694     11.51%     21.82% |       74241     13.63%     35.44% |       65165     11.96%     47.40% |       64093     11.76%     59.16% |       77376     14.20%     73.36% |       65894     12.09%     85.46% |       79233     14.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       544870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1538      1.65%      1.65% |        7785      8.35%     10.00% |       27235     29.21%     39.21% |       11172     11.98%     51.19% |       11237     12.05%     63.24% |       12531     13.44%     76.68% |        8493      9.11%     85.79% |        6685      7.17%     92.96% |        6567      7.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        93243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        8596     12.01%     12.01% |        7679     10.73%     22.75% |        7864     10.99%     33.74% |        8149     11.39%     45.13% |        7847     10.97%     56.10% |        7945     11.10%     67.20% |        7476     10.45%     77.65% |        7698     10.76%     88.41% |        8293     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        71547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          96      0.13%      0.13% |        5124      7.07%      7.21% |       24954     34.45%     41.65% |       11173     15.42%     57.08% |        8200     11.32%     68.40% |        9719     13.42%     81.81% |        6005      8.29%     90.10% |        3752      5.18%     95.28% |        3419      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        72442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        7154     14.10%     14.10% |        5018      9.89%     23.99% |        5583     11.00%     34.99% |        8150     16.06%     51.05% |        4810      9.48%     60.53% |        5133     10.12%     70.64% |        4988      9.83%     80.47% |        4765      9.39%     89.86% |        5145     10.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        50746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       17217      0.79%      0.79% |      221332     10.18%     10.97% |      294429     13.54%     24.51% |      293481     13.50%     38.01% |      269557     12.40%     50.41% |      265532     12.21%     62.63% |      286606     13.18%     75.81% |      239479     11.02%     86.82% |      286482     13.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total      2174115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       16418     94.52%     94.52% |         155      0.89%     95.41% |          84      0.48%     95.90% |          87      0.50%     96.40% |         133      0.77%     97.16% |         166      0.96%     98.12% |         105      0.60%     98.72% |          93      0.54%     99.26% |         129      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        17370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         863      0.04%      0.04% |      221904     10.25%     10.29% |      295385     13.65%     23.94% |      294421     13.60%     37.55% |      270356     12.49%     50.04% |      266329     12.31%     62.35% |      287339     13.28%     75.62% |      240267     11.10%     86.73% |      287275     13.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total      2164139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          64      0.87%      0.87% |         727      9.83%     10.70% |        1040     14.07%     24.76% |        1027     13.89%     38.65% |         932     12.60%     51.26% |         963     13.02%     64.28% |         838     11.33%     75.62% |         881     11.92%     87.53% |         922     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total         7394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        8073252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        4973815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE      1896038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        6405609      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1167843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1256378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       3062673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2424221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data        1446879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        91558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        1155033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9193114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1649183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1413490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       548230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX        82580      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE      1120893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX          494      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2895268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       875048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1150047      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       883227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS      1155033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX      1205203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      6404622      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement        17751      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean       373119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS          111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2424221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS          607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data        16915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data       274940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        91121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         7058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        48551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1600632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        20193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        48551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1413490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS       173503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX       547247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE       774732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      1203473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS      1031634      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX       714645      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      7989641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS       550730      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX       135590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE          402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX          493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data      1092823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock        62201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data        62201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS          194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock      1092832      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
