
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.553507                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1553506799500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1553506799500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 138159                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   381387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227488937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1145340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6828.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   943480132                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2604463620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     76214272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           76214272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31338112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        31338112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1190848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1190848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       489658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             489658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49059503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              49059503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20172497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             20172497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     69232001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             69232001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1190848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     489658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1190848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   489658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               76195776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   18496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                31336128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                76214272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             31338112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             74147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             74923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             74046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             73706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             74060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             73824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             74653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             74728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             74499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             75404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            75061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            75061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            73660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            74642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            74054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            74091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             31241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             30099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             30832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             30709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             31392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            31171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            30919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            29790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            30216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            30583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1553506719000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1190848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               489658                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1069548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   94651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   21479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    4881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  17411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  24401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  29324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  31357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  32242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  32561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  32644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  32474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  32296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  32072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  31896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  31719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  31627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  31698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  31121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  30987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       588862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    182.607402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.944750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.702161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       321053     54.52%     54.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102932     17.48%     72.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        85146     14.46%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        27854      4.73%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19073      3.24%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13388      2.27%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9236      1.57%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5583      0.95%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4597      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       588862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      39.258566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1924.034744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383        30324    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::327680-344063            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.145985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.135687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.609220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            28388     93.61%     93.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              273      0.90%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1115      3.68%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              371      1.22%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              114      0.38%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               38      0.13%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               18      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30325                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  21148459020                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             43471440270                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5952795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17763.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36513.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        49.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     49.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     20.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      18.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   914967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  176351                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     924427.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    64.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2222564400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1212708750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4633831800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1581450480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         101467382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         312774155730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         657739749750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1081631843550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            696.252534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1092358239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   51874940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  409271908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2229232320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1216347000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4652364600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1591332480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         101467382640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         314385734970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         656326083750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1081868477760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            696.404856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1090012380751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   51874940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  411617839249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 196                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3107013599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  859453240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2437032536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           2300092937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              58138219                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   81530228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    189235513                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  2300092937                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     58138219                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         4848703713                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        2287011264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            93430457                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           45693074                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          1947120851                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          729534961                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    376105595                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  229098215                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 147007380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3107013598.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        309851994                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             47297338      1.94%      1.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1764313243     72.40%     74.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     390      0.00%     74.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                203623722      8.36%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               45692248      1.87%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               229098215      9.40%     93.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              147007380      6.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2437032536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3106700335                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   21006723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     41857771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             32737311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    32737311                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           63226277                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          16641619                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            13883680                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           13877323                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2991448732.390665                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              115251602.609336                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.037098                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.962902                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2371387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 18836779     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  41857771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3104462897                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   21006723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     41857771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             32737311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    32737311                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           63226277                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          16641619                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13883680                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           13877323                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2991530633.886076                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              112932263.113924                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.036377                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.963623                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2371387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 18836779     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  41857771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3105848951                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   21006723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     41857771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             32737311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    32737311                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           63226277                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16641619                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            13883680                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           13877323                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2991481349.180575                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              114367601.819425                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.036823                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.963177                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2371387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 18836779     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  41857771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.numCycles                      3106419661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   21006723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     41857771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             32737311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses              22882035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                      40531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts      2310570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    32737311                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                     22882035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           63226277                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          16641619                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads            31860914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes           18261133                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads            13883680                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           13877323                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     13842900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    9201655                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   4641245                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              2991461062.734748                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              114958598.265251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.037007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.962993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2371387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    2      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 18836779     45.00%     45.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   57612      0.14%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                       14      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                9120464     21.79%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 9201655     21.98%     88.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                4641245     11.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  41857771                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               26015627                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.841120                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.607110                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26015624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 26015627                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1658322981                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000267                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000185                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.016332                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1657880549     99.97%     99.97% |      442432      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1658322981                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1658322981                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.149933                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.009128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              5.195641                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1658238076     99.99%     99.99% |       44571      0.00%    100.00% |       34858      0.00%    100.00% |        3847      0.00%    100.00% |        1191      0.00%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1658322981                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1658322981                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.149933                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.009128                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          5.195641                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |  1658238076     99.99%     99.99% |       44571      0.00%    100.00% |       34858      0.00%    100.00% |        3847      0.00%    100.00% |        1191      0.00%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1658322981                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    374959455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      1146204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    376105659                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1118955043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses         4279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1118959322                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_hits     65609860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_misses       746182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Zcache.demand_accesses     66356042                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     13152207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       801285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     26860163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses          845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     26861008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_hits      4064843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_misses       134112                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Zcache.demand_accesses      4198955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     13241256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       712236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits     26860209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses          799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses     26861008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_hits      4398888                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_misses       134267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Zcache.demand_accesses      4533155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits     13238685                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       714807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     26860233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses          775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     26861008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_hits      4012247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_misses       133674                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Zcache.demand_accesses      4145921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_hits     13148304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_misses       805188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Dcache.demand_accesses     13953492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_hits     26860192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_misses          816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Icache.demand_accesses     26861008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_hits      3702134                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_misses       133944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl4.Zcache.demand_accesses      3836078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits           156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      1150327                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1150483                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_misses       265427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.zcache.demand_accesses       265463                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits         46119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       756011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       802130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_hits         8763                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_misses        65258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.zcache.demand_accesses        74021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         44321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       668714                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       713035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_hits         9023                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_misses        65038                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.zcache.demand_accesses        74061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         46860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       668722                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       715582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_hits         8128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_misses        64982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.zcache.demand_accesses        73110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_hits         45600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_misses       760404                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cache.demand_accesses       806004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_hits         7281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_misses        65222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.zcache.demand_accesses        72503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2626645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1377533                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4004178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_hits       487022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_misses       264486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.ZL2cache.demand_accesses       751508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          7487                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.194406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      1150327                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1153365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1140935                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150316                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1138830                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          391                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      9202616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     83042280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9127480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9202528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     81995760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       619200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.089776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       756011                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6895                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       666633                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       830331                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2       755069                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       262372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       388822                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      6048088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47997576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6642648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6040552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18890784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       473472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3110576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.087402                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       668714                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11302                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       673602                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       658716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       667832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       261491                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       392245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      5349712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        90416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48499344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5269728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5342656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18827352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       381888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3137960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.095573                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       668722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       195076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       851332                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       657047                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       667842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       173426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9077                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       384695                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      5349776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1560608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     61295904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5256376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5342736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12486672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3077560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.098181                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       760404                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2       188561                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       845939                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       840039                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2       759473                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       173907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9451                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       389788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      6083232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1508488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60907608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6720312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6075784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12521304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       680472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3118304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.672487                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      5195026                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       413437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5498052                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4488402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4000532                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2010026                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1555941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     41560208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3307496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    395859744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     35907216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    144721872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12447528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.137189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      1190848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1680506                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       734522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      9526784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    120996432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5876176                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.114585                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      5195026                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::2       413581                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5684737                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4674996                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4000532                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2010026                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1555941                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0     41560208                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3308648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    409301064                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     37399968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    144721872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12447528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        15585078                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      1240599                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17054166                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     26026584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      6147102                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      4667823                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        124680624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      9924792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1227899952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    208212672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    442591344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     37342584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.185123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1150282                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1139330                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82820304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9114640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.203688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1150327                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3083                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1150316                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1138830                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          391                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      9202616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       221976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      9202528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     81995760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       619200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.110013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6895                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       666591                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       830034                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47994552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6640272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.069538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       756011                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          297                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       755069                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       262372                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       388822                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6048088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6040552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18890784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       473472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3110576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.107447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11302                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       667763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       655639                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        90416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48078936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5245112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.067357                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       668714                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5839                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3077                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       667832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       261491                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       392245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      5349712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       420408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5342656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     18827352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       381888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3137960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       195076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       665899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       563767                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1560608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47944728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4510136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.082490                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       668722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       185433                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       667842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       173426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9077                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       384695                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      5349776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13351176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       746240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      5342736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12486672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3077560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.111724                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       188561                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       667069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       750365                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1508488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48028968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6002920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.084637                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       760404                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178870                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89674                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       759473                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       173907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9451                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       389788                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6083232                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       717392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      6075784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     12521304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       680472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3118304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.660001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      4004178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1377475                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       613429                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4000532                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2010026                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1555941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     32033424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     99178200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4907432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    144721872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12447528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.684974                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1190848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       413437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4120577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3874973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      9526784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3307496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    296681544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30999784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.092053                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1190848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       489658                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       122432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      9526784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35255376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       979456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.182325                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1190848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       612090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     85741056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4896720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.link_utilization     0.185123                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11747                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1150282                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1139330                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        93976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82820304                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      9114640                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.link_utilization     0.110013                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6895                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       666591                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       830034                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47994552                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6640272                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.link_utilization     0.107447                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11302                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       667763                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       655639                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        90416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48078936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5245112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.link_utilization     0.108656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::2       195076                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       665899                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       563767                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1560608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47944728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4510136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.link_utilization     0.111724                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       188561                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       667069                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       750365                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1508488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48028968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6002920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.link_utilization     0.660001                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      4004178                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1377475                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       613429                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4000532                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2010026                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1555941                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     32033424                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     99178200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4907432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    144721872                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2808576                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12447528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.link_utilization     0.092053                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0      1190848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       489658                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       122432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      9526784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     35255376                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       979456                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      11570677                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.575326                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.428169                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11570674    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        11570677                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13973885                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.258091                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.449697                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13535467     96.86%     96.86% |       93288      0.67%     97.53% |      322017      2.30%     99.83% |        8533      0.06%     99.90% |       13158      0.09%     99.99% |         704      0.01%     99.99% |         625      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13973885                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        471065                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.102162                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.704620                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      461212     97.91%     97.91% |         394      0.08%     97.99% |        9450      2.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          471065                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        239024072                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.529989                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.040449                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           9.597830                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   238971982     99.98%     99.98% |       32677      0.01%     99.99% |       16685      0.01%    100.00% |        1854      0.00%    100.00% |         677      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          239024072                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    239024072                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.529989                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.040449                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       9.597830                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |   238971982     99.98%     99.98% |       32677      0.01%     99.99% |       16685      0.01%    100.00% |        1854      0.00%    100.00% |         677      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      239024072                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        138544698                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.877854                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.040976                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          12.765275                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   138511915     99.98%     99.98% |       11877      0.01%     99.98% |       18158      0.01%    100.00% |        1993      0.00%    100.00% |         514      0.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          138544698                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    138544698                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.877854                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.040976                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev      12.765275                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |   138511915     99.98%     99.98% |       11877      0.01%     99.98% |       18158      0.01%    100.00% |        1993      0.00%    100.00% |         514      0.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      138544698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples   1226403354                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.166678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |  1226402972    100.00%    100.00% |         354      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total     1226403354                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples   1226403354                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.166678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |  1226402972    100.00%    100.00% |         354      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total   1226403354                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      2.104746                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.154374                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     5.194148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         584     95.58%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           8      1.31%     96.89% |           2      0.33%     97.22% |          16      2.62%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     2.104746                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.154374                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     5.194148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |         584     95.58%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           8      1.31%     96.89% |           2      0.33%     97.22% |          16      2.62%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     1.000123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.139724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |    27175115    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.000123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.000010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.139724                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |    27175115    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27175123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples     27175123                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27175123    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total     27175123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch        1190848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          489658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data      1190848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       489658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement       122432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch      1190848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        489658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement       122432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data      1190848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       489658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   201922568     84.48%     84.48% |     9275376      3.88%     88.36% |     9275376      3.88%     92.24% |     9275376      3.88%     96.12% |     9275376      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    239024072                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1118959322     91.24%     91.24% |    26861008      2.19%     93.43% |    26861008      2.19%     95.62% |    26861008      2.19%     97.81% |    26861008      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1226403354                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |   174183091     90.30%     90.30% |     4678116      2.43%     92.72% |     4678116      2.43%     95.15% |     4678116      2.43%     97.57% |     4678116      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    192895555                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12417     21.60%     21.60% |        9572     16.65%     38.25% |        9576     16.66%     54.91% |       15791     27.47%     82.38% |       10128     17.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total        57484                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1137256     28.87%     28.87% |      702197     17.82%     46.69% |      701944     17.82%     64.51% |      696400     17.68%     82.18% |      701954     17.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total      3939751                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |          58      0.03%      0.03% |       90377     47.49%     47.52% |        1857      0.98%     48.50% |        3721      1.96%     50.45% |       94283     49.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       190296                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1150425     28.78%     28.78% |      711753     17.81%     46.59% |      711178     17.79%     64.38% |      711861     17.81%     82.19% |      711721     17.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      3996938                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        1751      0.06%      0.06% |      711850     24.99%     25.05% |      711268     24.97%     50.02% |      711965     24.99%     75.01% |      711831     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2848665                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        4279     56.95%     56.95% |         845     11.25%     68.19% |         799     10.63%     78.83% |         775     10.31%     89.14% |         816     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         7514                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1144408     99.99%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1144481                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          29     23.58%     23.58% |          26     21.14%     44.72% |          29     23.58%     68.29% |          39     31.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          123                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     5014753     93.53%     93.53% |      129863      2.42%     95.95% |       40013      0.75%     96.70% |       43257      0.81%     97.50% |      133791      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      5361677                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |          98      0.00%      0.00% |    26860097     25.00%     25.00% |    26859257     25.00%     50.00% |    26860016     25.00%     75.00% |    26860163     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    107439631                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          45      0.02%      0.02% |       89420     47.93%     47.95% |         951      0.51%     48.46% |        2823      1.51%     49.97% |       93335     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       186574                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2      0.06%      0.06% |         903     25.81%     25.87% |         862     24.64%     50.51% |         846     24.19%     74.70% |         885     25.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3498                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |           8      5.76%      5.76% |          33     23.74%     29.50% |          28     20.14%     49.64% |          30     21.58%     71.22% |          40     28.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total          139                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    28568946     62.02%     62.02% |     4330234      9.40%     71.42% |     4419469      9.59%     81.02% |     4416748      9.59%     90.61% |     4326334      9.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     46061731                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1118954945    100.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |         952      0.00%    100.00% |         217      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1118956209                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         914      0.10%      0.10% |      179094     20.17%     20.27% |      266973     30.06%     50.33% |      265816     29.93%     80.26% |      175276     19.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       888073                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3922     15.74%     15.74% |        5121     20.55%     36.28% |        5436     21.81%     58.09% |        5443     21.84%     79.93% |        5003     20.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        24925                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |         574      0.03%      0.03% |      437760     25.00%     25.03% |      437518     24.98%     50.02% |      437503     24.98%     75.00% |      437790     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total      1751145                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   168337118     91.12%     91.12% |     4103429      2.22%     93.34% |     4104626      2.22%     95.56% |     4103406      2.22%     97.78% |     4103420      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    184751999                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |   173037724     90.75%     90.75% |     4409587      2.31%     93.06% |     4410175      2.31%     95.37% |     4409458      2.31%     97.69% |     4409483      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    190676427                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        8493     29.35%     29.35% |        3519     12.16%     41.51% |        3252     11.24%     52.75% |        9473     32.74%     85.48% |        4201     14.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        28938                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     1136674     51.94%     51.94% |      264404     12.08%     64.02% |      264398     12.08%     76.10% |      258867     11.83%     87.93% |      264124     12.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      2188467                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          58      0.03%      0.03% |       90377     47.49%     47.52% |        1857      0.98%     48.50% |        3721      1.96%     50.45% |       94283     49.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       190296                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5972      0.22%      0.22% |      622318     23.34%     23.57% |      710210     26.64%     50.21% |      709019     26.60%     76.80% |      618364     23.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2665883                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     1144408     99.99%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      1144481                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |          45      0.02%      0.02% |       89420     47.93%     47.95% |         951      0.51%     48.46% |        2823      1.51%     49.97% |       93335     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total       186574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        6030      0.21%      0.21% |      712695     24.95%     25.16% |      712067     24.93%     50.09% |      712740     24.95%     75.05% |      712647     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      2856179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1144453     85.98%     85.98% |       89435      6.72%     92.70% |         968      0.07%     92.77% |        2842      0.21%     92.99% |       93357      7.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      1331055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1137248     28.87%     28.87% |      702164     17.82%     46.69% |      701916     17.82%     64.51% |      696370     17.68%     82.18% |      701914     17.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total      3939612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        8493     29.35%     29.35% |        3519     12.16%     41.51% |        3252     11.24%     52.75% |        9473     32.74%     85.48% |        4201     14.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        28938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       10205      4.50%      4.50% |        6873      3.03%      7.53% |        8381      3.69%     11.22% |      102357     45.10%     56.32% |       99125     43.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       226941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22964     23.91%     23.91% |       18290     19.04%     42.95% |       17896     18.63%     61.59% |       18500     19.26%     80.85% |       18394     19.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        96044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1870      9.88%      9.88% |         854      4.51%     14.39% |        1256      6.64%     21.03% |       13082     69.13%     90.16% |        1862      9.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        18924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1139221     31.88%     31.88% |      652118     18.25%     50.13% |      654613     18.32%     68.44% |      560015     15.67%     84.12% |      567666     15.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3573633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           3     23.08%     46.15% |           5     38.46%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1541      0.83%      0.83% |          20      0.01%      0.84% |        2918      1.56%      2.40% |       92714     49.68%     52.08% |       89434     47.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       186627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5867      0.24%      0.24% |      576206     23.21%     23.44% |      665895     26.82%     50.26% |      662164     26.67%     76.93% |      572767     23.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2482899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |          43      0.02%      0.02% |       89429     47.92%     47.94% |         970      0.52%     48.46% |        2836      1.52%     49.98% |       93349     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       186627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1144372     99.68%     99.68% |         956      0.08%     99.76% |         898      0.08%     99.84% |         899      0.08%     99.92% |         953      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1148078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        3924     13.75%     13.75% |        6053     21.20%     34.95% |        6324     22.15%     57.10% |        6318     22.13%     79.24% |        5927     20.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total        28546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |          64      0.03%      0.03% |       89420     47.92%     47.96% |         952      0.51%     48.47% |        2823      1.51%     49.98% |       93335     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       186594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          45      0.02%      0.02% |       89420     47.93%     47.95% |         951      0.51%     48.46% |        2823      1.51%     49.97% |       93335     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       186574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1139221     31.95%     31.95% |      651194     18.26%     50.21% |      653736     18.33%     68.54% |      558121     15.65%     84.19% |      563695     15.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3565967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5921      0.22%      0.22% |      666577     24.94%     25.16% |      667747     24.98%     50.14% |      665880     24.91%     75.05% |      667047     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2673172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1144361     99.99%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1144432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          32      0.50%      0.50% |          28      0.44%      0.94% |        1476     23.06%     24.00% |        4864     76.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         6400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          45      0.02%      0.02% |       89420     47.93%     47.95% |         951      0.51%     48.46% |        2823      1.51%     49.97% |       93335     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       186574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         918     25.79%     25.79% |         875     24.58%     50.37% |         859     24.13%     74.49% |         908     25.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         3560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |           2      3.28%      3.28% |          14     22.95%     26.23% |          13     21.31%     47.54% |          16     26.23%     73.77% |          16     26.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total           61                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           4     23.53%     41.18% |           4     23.53%     64.71% |           4     23.53%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        1540      0.85%      0.85% |          23      0.01%      0.87% |        2921      1.62%      2.49% |       91263     50.60%     53.09% |       84616     46.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total       180363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         922     12.04%     12.04% |         875     11.42%     23.46% |        1892     24.70%     48.16% |        3971     51.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total         7660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |         593      0.02%      0.02% |      567348     23.29%     23.32% |      657012     26.97%     50.29% |      647306     26.57%     76.86% |      563635     23.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2435894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4564     12.27%     12.27% |        8135     21.87%     34.14% |        8001     21.51%     55.66% |        8297     22.31%     77.97% |        8195     22.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        37192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          81      1.06%      1.06% |         394      5.15%      6.21% |         521      6.81%     13.03% |        6150     80.43%     93.46% |         500      6.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          65      5.56%      5.56% |         242     20.68%     26.24% |         128     10.94%     37.18% |         541     46.24%     83.42% |         194     16.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        3795     16.28%     16.28% |        4785     20.53%     36.80% |        5229     22.43%     59.23% |        4794     20.56%     79.80% |        4710     20.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total        23313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           7     12.50%     12.50% |           8     14.29%     26.79% |          14     25.00%     51.79% |          22     39.29%     91.07% |           5      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1136655     75.59%     75.59% |      134816      8.97%     84.56% |       44904      2.99%     87.54% |       49064      3.26%     90.80% |      138279      9.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total      1503718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6918     95.16%     95.16% |          92      1.27%     96.42% |          72      0.99%     97.41% |          94      1.29%     98.71% |          94      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         852     48.55%     48.55% |          19      1.08%     49.63% |          94      5.36%     54.99% |         375     21.37%     76.35% |         415     23.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |         105      0.06%      0.06% |       46112     25.20%     25.26% |       44315     24.22%     49.48% |       46855     25.61%     75.08% |       45597     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total       182984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |          47     95.92%     95.92% |           1      2.04%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        8600     22.05%     22.05% |        6576     16.86%     38.91% |        5304     13.60%     52.50% |        9076     23.27%     75.77% |        9450     24.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        39006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     1135426     32.05%     32.05% |      646409     18.25%     50.30% |      648507     18.31%     68.60% |      553327     15.62%     84.22% |      558985     15.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      3542654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           4     36.36%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1534      0.83%      0.83% |          12      0.01%      0.84% |        2904      1.58%      2.41% |       92264     50.04%     52.46% |       87661     47.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total       184375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5867      0.24%      0.24% |      576206     23.21%     23.44% |      665895     26.82%     50.26% |      662164     26.67%     76.93% |      572767     23.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2482899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |          43      0.02%      0.02% |       89429     47.92%     47.94% |         970      0.52%     48.46% |        2836      1.52%     49.98% |       93349     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       186627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |          11      0.30%      0.30% |         942     25.84%     26.14% |         882     24.19%     50.33% |         880     24.14%     74.47% |         931     25.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total         3646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1144361     99.99%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1144432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |          64      0.03%      0.03% |       89420     47.92%     47.96% |         952      0.51%     48.47% |        2823      1.51%     49.98% |       93335     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       186594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          45      0.02%      0.02% |       89420     47.93%     47.95% |         951      0.51%     48.46% |        2823      1.51%     49.97% |       93335     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       186574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         428     19.49%     19.49% |        1768     80.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         2196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1139221     31.97%     31.97% |      651194     18.27%     50.24% |      653736     18.34%     68.58% |      557692     15.65%     84.23% |      561926     15.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3563769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         429     19.52%     19.52% |        1769     80.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         2198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         918     25.79%     25.79% |         875     24.58%     50.37% |         859     24.13%     74.49% |         908     25.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         3560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |           2      3.28%      3.28% |          14     22.95%     26.23% |          13     21.31%     47.54% |          16     26.23%     73.77% |          16     26.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total           61                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |           2      0.06%      0.06% |         932     25.74%     25.79% |         888     24.52%     50.32% |         875     24.16%     74.48% |         924     25.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total         3621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         777      3.83%      3.83% |        3494     17.21%     21.04% |        3151     15.52%     36.57% |        9089     44.78%     81.35% |        3786     18.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        20297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4564     12.27%     12.27% |        8135     21.87%     34.14% |        8001     21.51%     55.66% |        8297     22.31%     77.97% |        8195     22.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        37192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          81      1.06%      1.06% |         394      5.15%      6.21% |         521      6.81%     13.03% |        6150     80.43%     93.46% |         500      6.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        3868     15.76%     15.76% |        5035     20.52%     36.28% |        5371     21.89%     58.16% |        5358     21.83%     80.00% |        4909     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total        24541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        7716     89.30%     89.30% |          25      0.29%     89.58% |         101      1.17%     90.75% |         384      4.44%     95.20% |         415      4.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         8641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6918     95.16%     95.16% |          92      1.27%     96.42% |          72      0.99%     97.41% |          94      1.29%     98.71% |          94      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         7270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         852     48.55%     48.55% |          19      1.08%     49.63% |          94      5.36%     54.99% |         375     21.37%     76.35% |         415     23.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |          54     14.06%     14.06% |          86     22.40%     36.46% |          65     16.93%     53.39% |          85     22.14%     75.52% |          94     24.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total          384                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2673206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1144442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE       186574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3568160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       464291      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       147799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1190848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         612090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data         215169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        10466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         186627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3813905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       433005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       757843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS         3577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE       186574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX         2196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2049918      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       386576      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       460261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       111606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       186627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3563769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         4006      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        36172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       612090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         3190      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          571      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        25367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        10206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack             63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             61      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       432981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       757843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       186574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3627331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX         2195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data       182813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock         3799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data         3799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       182828      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
